Comment

Simply doesn't work

"Quicken 2015 for mac seems better than expected (based on dismal reviews), but this app is tricky, since syncing data from the desktop requires a manual sync mobile command from the ""Accounts"" menu.  If you forget to do that, this app will be working with outdated information.  In 2015, syncing should be automatic!"

"Works fine till I add a passcode, then after a few uses, the app will no longer acknowledge numbers that are entered on the keyboard to unlock the passcode..."

This app gets the job done however there is plenty of room for improvement.The app has a hard time with locations. Even those locations that I frequent. There should be an ability to narrow the categories available within the app. There is no need for the same amount as in the desktop. Biggest issue is not displaying a running account balance that takes in consideration what is charged during the day on the app.

"When I update the accounts in my desktop computer, upload to the cloud, open the app on my iPad, sync, the account balances can agree. Then, an hour later, I open the app again, sync again, and the balances are different, and wrong.  It is like it is downloading the old info from the cloud?"

"Quicken 2015 works just fine on my Mac but I can't even log in using this app. Account and PW are correct bc I've logged in online and it works. Gone through the steps they say to do, but still no luck."

"Call me crazy, but I love Quicken.  Once I got it figured out, I found it's really slick.Some banks don't support auto-updates, so switch those accounts from Quicken Connect to Web Connect, download the transactions and import.  New account? Click ""Add.""  Existing?  Click ""Link.""It's that simple."

"I upgraded to Quicken 2015 for the sole reason to sync accounts to this mobile app. A $75 paid upgrade. All my accounts with Wells Fargo time out when syncing, thus making this app, and more importantly the paid upgrade, a waste.I have contacted tech support a few times and they have provided no solution. They have acknowledged they know there is a problem, but can't seem to fix it for me.There looks like a strong chance exist that this software might not work for some users. Stay away from the paid upgrade to Quicken 2015 and this app if you are interested in mobile syncing to cloud data. Also, tech support is about as bad as I've ever experienced."

"I use a password manager so I can utilize complex passwords. The app refuses to let me paste into the password field. Given how complex my passwords are, actually trying to type the password in and get it right (all the while flipping back and forth between Quicken and the password app) is just an exercise in frustration. I'll do without the app."

Budget feature when synced with the app causes random changes to the budgeted amounts on the desktop software. Only solution has been to not link a budget...what's the point!?

"This app has great potential, but does not deliver. I can track my spending, however there are many advanced features I would like to see in this app that are present in the computer application."

"This app is been out for two years. Intuit is a huge company with plenty of resources to make this app work. Every time I take a photo of the receipt the app crashes. Please, please, listen to your customers and FIX THIS BUGGY app!!  I have been a faithful quick and user since 1999. I'm frustrated enough to try an alternative."

"So my biggest issue is having to ""reconnect"" with my banks.  Besides that it's pretty cool."

The app doesn't keep a running balance. There is no point to having a checkbook if you can't see how much money you have in your accounts. QUICKEN NEEDS TO FIX THIS APP!!! Right now this app is completely useless. Complete waste of time.

"The password field does not support PASTE! I have a random 30 character password that I need to copy from my password manager (1Password) and paste into this field, but I can't. So I have been unable to get past the login prompt.Developers, could you memorize a random 30 character password and type it in? Would you be stupid enough to use a significantly less secure password for your Intuit ID so that you could type it in? Please write software that security-conscious users without eidetic memories can use. I will be looking for an update that fixes this."

Everything is great. Only thing missing is Touch ID support.

"When trying to sync, almost none of my accounts show up. Living overseas, almost all my accounts are in a 'foreign currency'. So I just found out, that this app only supports US$ accounts, making it useless for me. Since 2013 this app has seen almost no feature additions, but is heavily marketed for selling you on the new versions, without pointing out the extremely limited features. All the one and two star reviews are correct: only the most basic functions are provided, while most advanced features are missing."

"Horrible app to the desktop version (Im using 2015 which Im actually liking more and more).This app is wrong, balances are off, says it cant connect to one of my accounts the desktop version has no trouble with - but worst of all, WILL mess up your balances in the desktop version.Horrible app. Why even have it? It wont remind me of my bills either. Wow, what a mess."

"Current version 2.0.0 does not support splits that are simultaneously positive and negative. For example, it is impossible to enter a paycheck with a positive amount and a negative amount for deductions.  We need an update soon."

"There are two ways (that I can think of) to have an app sync with a desktop application. You can either have the desktop app store its data files in a cloud service of the users choice (DropBox, G-Drive, OneDrive) and have the mobile app access and interact with that cloud-based data file in a manner similar to the desktop (so that changes in either are immediate), or you can do as Quicken has done and use a proprietary cloud-based system basically making Intuit both a middleman and a data snooper. (Nothing a good class-action lawsuit shouldnt fix if their systems are ever breached.) Add to that the extra steps Quicken makes you perform to get their system to work (seriously, manual sync in Preferences?) and you see that its more about a business plan than a company interested in its customers. This app, and the latest version of Quicken for Mac, should give users a reason to consider an alternative."

I do like the app but would suggest some practical applications in the next update. Being on the go all the time I sometimes miss bills that need to be paid. I have them setup in the desktop version but am unable to see them in the mobile version. It would be great to get a reminder on my phone saying a bill is due today. Thanks

"I tried this app and I really wanted to like it. The ability to enter transactions directly into quicken would have been really useful. Unfortunately it repeatedly messed up my accounts making the balances wildly inaccurate. I tried everything, including resetting the cloud data, and even deleting one cloud account and creating another. Eventually I had to delete the app. I'm really disappointed since this app was one of the main reasons I updated my copy of Quicken. Intuit, you should be ashamed of yourselves for creating such an awful app."

Just as good as mint!

"I've been using quicken for several years but I don't think their products are improving very much. The mobile app is best used to enter transactions on the go. That is about it. I have several problems with the app:1) it is a huge pain to spilt a transaction from this app2) when often when I sync my budget gets messed up. The amounts I entered get reset to 0 and then I get alerts.3) the alerts are almost useless. They are only averages of your spending over time. If you have a line item in your budget that you don't normally spend (say car repairs) then even if you are under budget you will still receive an alert because it is more than average. I've gotten low balance alerts when I have still have $500 in an account.4) you cannot enter transactions as transfers between accounts from this app5) you cannot see your savings goals from this app6) this for the desktop version but when I change the categories that I want to budget for a given month it should not change my budgets for the previous months, but it does."

No need to pile on.  I think the developers know this app is junk and needs much improvement.

"Useless app that has no benefit. Doesn't show upcoming bills that are due. Doesn't sync properly. Incorrect numbers...I could go on and on. Terrible, worthless app."

"I don't know what these 1 star reviews want in an app, but this app is a great companion app to Quicken 2015 on my MacBook Pro. When I am out and about, I can enter purchases into the app and then sync when I get home. Much less stress, not having to worry about signing on to my laptop and entering the info from home because it is ALREADY THERE!!! Works great for me!!!'"

"After I learned that transactions that I had entered on mobile had to be marked ""Status > Reviewed"" in the desktop to get the balances to match up, life was much happier."

"My needs are simple so for the most part I like what I'm using it for. But why does it drop an account, say after about a month or so after adding and entering transactions and synching daily (usually the newest one you added at a later date since first set up)?! When you try to add it back, it WON'T!! FIX THIS, please!"

"This app works pretty much as advertised, but I have a singular issue with it.  I don't download bank info, I manually input checks and debit card purchases to check against the bank at the end of the month. My issue with the app is that I don't get an updated balance of an account until I sync transactions with my laptop. I want up-to-date balances while I'm out spending. That seems like a no-brainer, but when I'm out and I input a debit card transaction for checking, the balance doesn't change. Am I, maybe, missing something?"

Why not support the same financial institutions as mint.com?

"This app presents you with a lot of nifty information...except the information you actually need while you are out on the road. It is packed full with information that you already have on the desktop app, where you actually use it, but still lacks something as essential a running balance.I do not understand why Intuit thinks a pie chart of last month's spending is so so useful to someone on vacation, for example, who forgot to pay the water bill before he left and simply needs to know if he should move some funds from savings so his checking account will not be in the red the day before payday."

useless... don't waste time

New version discontinued the ability to search for a transaction. Did I already enter this...you can't find out. Enter it again and see if there are two entries on your desktop. It's the only way to make sure.

I don't think I've seen a more worthless app. You can't get to your reports. You can't get your investment accounts. The only thing you see is your banking accounts and credit cards. Big deal. You see those anyway on the Internet.No wonder it's free; It has to be. No one would pay for it.It's an embarrassment to the Quicken developers. You shouldn't tell anybody you have a mobile app.I wish we could give apps negative scores.

App has great potential but almost too many glitches and bugs to even use with any effectiveness. Needs update badly.

"The most basic thing I need it to do is to keep an accurate running balance and it can't even do that!!! I enter a new transaction In the mobile app and the balance remains unchanged, even with clicking the refresh button!!!!!! The only way to update it is to sync mobile to the cloud, sync desktop TWICE, then resume mobile! I'm on iPhone 6 running latest iOS 8.1.3."

Weak App. Why not make this more like MINT? I don't understand why a paid desktop app has such a bad app to accommodate while a free app such as MINT is so much better. I would love to get a refund!! Desktop app is great and this should be its companion as people are on smartphones more often. Mint offers more and it's free so why is this app so bad when you have I pay for the desktop app to use this app?

Lacking a lot of features and glitches. Frequently had trouble updating transactions and could not add student loans to the picture. The desktop version is a waste of money.

"Intuit has such a lock on the market, they somehow don't feel the need anymore to offer quality products. This app doesn't download any info. You need to download from the desktop version first, and then update the iPad app. Very arcane for the same company that owns Mint! Don't buy the software if you can avoid it."

App has great potential but almost too many glitches and bugs to even use with any effectiveness. Needs update badly.

"This app has potential but not with the current developers.  Since 2013, the review for the quicken mobile app has been 2 stars.  They say to provide requests for changes to the app on their satisfaction website which I have done.  In the 2013 app, they first didn't have the ability to tag transactions (which they later added), they didn't have the ability to split transactions, (which when they added didn't all to then tag the split transactions).  The idea of having a mobile app is to be able to enter transactions when mobile.  What is the point if you don't provide a basic entry function such as splitting transactions or tagging them?  They say you can then go to your desktop version and make the modifications.  What's the point then?  You may as well enter the transactions in the desktop in the first place.  Not very customer focused developers or reasonable developers either.  Get some new ones and make this mobile app right!  BTW  Mint doesn't cut it for the features that are built in on the desktop version of Quicken.  Mint doesn't have tags for example.  Great for some users, but not for advanced users.  If I were rating the desktop version of Quicken (Windows) I would give it 5 stars!!  Amazing the difference between the desktop version and this app.  Very poorly executed and written."

A software company developed this app?Can't sync categories.Can't sync attachments.Errors loading some accounts.Waste of data.

Handy for entering transactions on the fly--you MUST remember to sync with your desktop if you want these changes to be reflected in your register(s). Would be FAR more useful to me if the app also synced bill pay reminders!

Crashes on open in iPhone 6

"What I'm missing in this app is the ability to view my current account balance that includes transactions I've manually entered. It would be of greater assistance to me to have the option to view what my projected balance is than what I can get from my bank's website. Otherwise it works as expected, and I really appreciate how easy it was to set up."

"Worked OK at first, now crashes everytime I try to enter a payee. Tried rebooting iPad; didn't help."

I'm disappointed the Quicken doesn't download accurate transaction

"I've been a loyal Quicken user for over a decade, but I've gotten to the point where I spend most days researching (and signing up for) alternative tools to do simple personal finance functions. The desktop version fails to even consistently download transactions anymore. This app has become pointless to use anymore (and I don't use it) and as soon as I find a viable alternative the desktop and mobile versions of Quicken will be removed. It appears as if Intuit simply doesn't care about this app (just look at the last tin it was updated), and I can not support them anymore."

User beware!!!!  If you use direct connect on the desktop program you may not be able to download via the app.  I am receiving error after error to update my bank login info yet the only option the app gives me to update this is quicken connect.

I don't have any issues with this app. It suits my needs perfectly. I love being able to enter transactions on the go so I don't forget to enter them later from the computer.

"Im a dedicated user of Quicken at home - over the years, its become invaluable to me as a tool for tracking and managing my financial life.  I had a simple hope for this application - that it would extend Quicken enough to allow me to enter receipts and track expenses while away from my home computer for days at a time.  Im not interested in a big picture of my financial life - I just want to be able to throw receipts away immediately and check by balances at a glance.Sadly, its been more trouble than keeping up with it is worth.  Entering is not terrible (not great,) and the running tally is fine.  The problem is that this app gets updates from my banks while Im on the go - and does it poorly.  Half the time it doesnt match expenses right, forcing me to go match them manually if I need to know my account balance.  Sometimes, it doesnt show me an expense at all until the next day - it just leaves me wondering my my balance is wildly off from what its supposed to be.Other, smaller issues exist too - for example, I have no interest in Alerts (low balance, high spending, etc.) but I cant turn them off in the app.  Thankfully I can at least deny the app the ability to use iOS notifications.  Sometimes it wont sync with the desktop app (via cloud) properly.  Or my favorite - twice its simply went through the setup process, like Id never used the app before.Long story short - its banished from my phone and Im back to manual tracking.  Maybe Ill give it a shot again in a few years."

Weak App. Desktop app is great and this should be its companion as people are on smartphones more often. Mint offers more and it's free so why is this app so bad when you have I pay for the desktop app to use this app?

"If you bank at Wells Fargo you can forget about Quicken Mobile updating from the bank.  Useless, so is tech support"

Does not sync properly making the budget a misrepresentation of what you ca actually spend

"I have been a long time fan of Quicken Desktop and I just don't  understand why they can not get an app up and running that is just as good.  Very limited, slow sync and constantly shuts down.  Glad I didn't pay for it."

This app gets the job done in that it captures transactions on the fly and synchronizes well with quicken. It also provides good access to account balances. Here is what needs to improve:1. It has a hard time figuring out the store or restaurant even with wifi on. 2. Needs ability to limit the categories. You don't need as many when entering transactions on the fly. 3. Needs a running balance. It's hard to figure out what has been accrued because it does not track future transactions.

"Looks terrible on iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and still barely functional. Desperately needs a graphical refresh. For whatever reason, location-based suggestions just don't work anymore either."

"I wanted to use this app but the stupid desktop app doesn't let me sync my account because ""it's only available for costumes residing on the U.S."" im American currently living in Mexico, what king of joke is this?"

"When I enter a savings goal contribution (that is transfer to a goal) in my desktop Quicken, when it syncs with the app, the app treats it like a real withdrawal and decreases the balance. I see no way to handle savings goal transactions. This makes the app useless for me for the account I use for savings goal contributions and withdrawals. It's ok for my regular  checking acct but not for savings account I use for savings goals transactions"

"The ending balance is often wrong for my bank account. The reasons seems to be that it does not record downloads from the bank for the current day. However the bank balance from the bank takes those into account. So the app deducts those transactions again resulting in a wrong ending balance. On the next day, assuming no more transactions, the ending balance will be right. Other than that a very useful app."

"The mobile version is basically USELESS. If I want to see my balance I go to my laptop. All the transactions sync, but because there is no balance column or cleared box it is hard to figure out where the mobile app goes wrong. Not going to waste my time trying to figure it out, when I have good information on the laptop. Just keeping app, hoping you get it right someday."

"I've been using the Desktop version for several months and they've fixed several bugs there.  The iOS version is useless.  I tried posting transactions to the mobile versions only to have them show up with the incorrect company as paid to.  Now, I try to sync with the desktop and find transactions are missing on my iOS device.  I can't rely on this buggy software.  I wish they had never rewritten what was excellent software for the Mac.  I already hated the fact I was having to store my financial data on their servers.  I don't know how secure their servers truly are and really wonder *how* they *use* my financial data for marketing to make more money off of me."

"I had been considering upgrading, but when I received the email the my version of Quicken Essentials would not longer connect to my banks I pulled the trigger. As an avid Mint user I was hoping that this program (since Mint and Quicken are owed my Intuit and this program basically copied Mints interface) it would have the same features and more considering you actually have to pay for it. Unfortunately no. Mint syncs with so much more. Zillow for house assets. My retirement 401K, value of my vehicle, my car loan. You would think Quicken would handle that as well, Hope those features are updated in the future."

I Likie

Definitely one of my most used apps.

Wabam!

I enjoy it a lot!

Fun but not perfect...

Highly recommend

My opinion

Love this App!

LIFE CHANGING !

I bought Quicken 2015 because I was forced to. They would no longer going to support 2012. I downloaded this app and it has been a nightmare. It doubles accounts up. It won't communicate with Wells Fargo. I am wasting my time with it. I'm going to delete it. I have loved quicken up until now. I use it on my laptop. I thought this would be an added plus. It is not. Horrible!

I enjoy it a lot!

Love it but one thing.

"Why in the world would you make it so that users cannot edit a transaction - i.e. we are not able to change the value or deposit vs. deduction selection? And, why confuse things by changing account balance types to ""Current Balance"" and "" Online Balance""? Quicken Mobile 2013 did it correctly and you had to change a good thing!!? For those of us who really liked the app before, you just changed our impressions. Fix things that need to be fixed and leave the other features and implementations alone!!"

"On the iPad version you cannot paste a password. I tried to explain this to support multiple times right after this version came out, but still no solution. I have a complicated random password from 1Password, and typing it is not an option."

Please add the ability to see the blue dot and acknowledge a transaction as reviewed. Just like the desktop app

"I am fully disappointed with this app. I recently purchased a group of intuit software and this corresponding mobile app is utterly useless. I'm having a little bit of buyers remorse for the rest of the software too, if not only for the high price but the lack in performance. I'll stick with it for the next fiscal year but if they don't turn things around I'm dumping intuit. The Mint app is all you need for simple budgeting/finances. At least that app works."

"Won't somebody please make a decent replacement for Quicken?   This app is awful.  It takes the guts of the Mint (a decent app for what it does) and kills it my trying to make it since with quicken data in the cloud.  The result?  Every account always has three different balances: what the desktop version reports, what the mobile app reports, and what is on your bank's website.   It's worthless!"

I use this primarily to keep track of spending with my debit cards the problem is it does not give my current balance only the online balance and the balance after all scheduled payments even if they are 2 to 3 weeks out.

Can't get it to acknowledge the same accounts that I have in desktop version. Nowhere to add another account.

On one account I have duplicate entry's of the same debits and credit payments. Don't know if I need to delete or if it would fix itself.

Syncing to mobile and then back to Quicken 2015 for Mac will ruin categorized transactions and manually updated entries. This has cost me hours of work.

No investment accounting. No updates. No support. Garbage.

"Only thing worth 1star is the fact that I can enter transactions on a mobile device. Beyond that, the mobile version is worthless as it doesn't ever show the correct balance."

It doesn't show recent purchases even after manually refreshing. Transactions do show in Windows version of Quicken. It's just the mobile app. This makes it useless to me. I may as well login to my bank's website at this point.

Barely works of little or no use. It should be seamless. If this was an airline app most people would take the bus. Don't waste your time. Intuit has zero incentive to do anything but sell sell sell not support support support. Works fine on desktop but this app is c____

"I don't know what the problem is but the app is not showing the correct balance.Even though it shows the correct transactions including the last deposit and is synchronized, only one of my five accounts shows the correct balance. The other four  show the balance prior to the deposit which was split between and shows in all five accounts."

"Outside of being able to view my existing data, the app is pretty much pointless. Very annoying transaction entry method."

"We need to be able to split transactions. And it would be nice if it wouldn't save every receipt to my camera role. I'd like to be able to import scanned receipts from ""Jotnot"" or ""Scannable""."

When can we expect a new version with functional syncing?

"The app works most of the time. When I'm not connected to wifi, it seems to lag a bit with my mobile data connection. Not the app's fault. However, there have been no improvements in a really long time. Considering they all but force you to buy an upgrade every year, its frustrating that they continue to leave this app the way it is, when it has so much potential. My number one request is simple... You should be able to edit the transaction after you've entered it. Make a mistake on the amount or category, and you have to delete the entry and start over. A simple edit function can't be that difficult..."

"January 2015 Update: After having spent at least 8 hours with support to find out my QDF file was corrupted and countless variations to try to get it to import both to Mac and to PC, and failing, I have just let go of years worth of data and reports and started a new file.  My new Quicken 2015 desktop software is fine but I cannot sync one of my banks accounts on Quicken mobile, even though that banks own mobile application works fine and the desktop version syncs well.  Online chat support was friendly but ultimately couldnt resolve my issue.  Quicken has refunded my money on the desktop software due to the first debacle (see Original Post below) but I still cant use the mobile software yet with the new versions.  (Original Post)  Frequently fails to link to banks with correct log in information and doesn't offer possible reasons for the failure. Solutions require the user to have knowledge enough to delete and reinstall, then reset the software up multiple times. Updating too frequently and unnecessarily causes the user to have to sit and wait to use their device. Closing the app mid update potentially causes sync problems with your desktop Quicken."

This application does not sync with your current desktop cloud back up. I bought the desktop program to be able to access my data through this mobile app.I contacted support and no one is apparently planning on fixing this issue.

"I wasn't expecting nor did I want to run my full Quicken system from my phone. Some negative reviewers did. This great free app gives me up to the minute updates of our two bank accounts and five credit cards. One click, 10 seconds max. Space-age perfection!"

Zero Stars - The app still has the data from the prior version- over 1 month old. There's NO SUPPORT from Intuit - they don't care. Extremely disappointed. Zero stars !

"I paid nearly $80 for the desktop version of quicken, expecting it to be equal to or better than Mint in keeping my data synced. NOPE! At that price point, my mind is blown. Why not use iCloud to sync the data? Why is the file stored locally on my Mac and then only synced if my Mac is on? What good is the mobile app at that point?? Terrible experience! Please fix!! You can use the money I and everyone else paid you for the desktop version. You have our permission..."

Good for recording transactions on the fly to sync later and that's about it. Please give me current and ending account balances that agree with my desktop app and keep all the charts and analysis fluff.

Quicken is NO help!!!

Need ability to sync from desktop to mobile devises without first syncing with banks. Some of us do not want to upload all of our passwords.  When will you come out with stand alone for IPad?

I use the app mainly to keep track of my expenses on my business credit card. It downloads and syncs nicely with my Mac.

"I have used windows version on my Mac for years without a issue. This Mac version is not ready and has lots of issuesI converted my file from window 2014 to Mac without any issues, did have to reset some passwords etc but nothing not really expectedReconcile feature does not work, it does not keep an accurate ""projected"" balance. I think once they do some fixes it will work but I have moved back to my window version, money is a big deal and I can't deal with buggy software. Let's get it right quicken"

"Can't even set focus to log in with 3rd party keyboard. Works fine with default keyboard though. Wish it had scheduled transactions and calendar views, but not too shabby for what it does offer."

"Not bad for checking basic things like balances or for adding transactions on the fly, but there is a huge problem: I set a passcode for the app, and periodically it seems to forget that there is a passcode, e.g. you can open the app without punching in the passcode. If you are worried about privacy and security, this isn't the app for you. Quicken needs to fix that immediately."

"New 2015 update again dropped all login information, and now cannot even sign in at all. Keeps telling me to set up accounts to sync even after desktop has confirmed that the accounts are set up and synced. Intuit: bad programming; bad customer service. A new low.As for all Quicken 2014 products, Intuit has sunk to a new low. There are serious bugs in the desktop version that Intuit has known about for 6 months but refuses to do anything about, and they continue to ignore basic programming protocols for their Apps. It's probably time to abandon all Intuit products.See below - but now it's even worse. Login info was dropped, and can't sign in. Intuit has really hit bottom with this one. (4/14)I use this app solely to track cash expenditures as I don't trust sending other account info. For that purpose the 2013 version worked ok in spite of being rather slow. But the upgrade to 2014 really stinks. The update didn't preserve login info, and it is proving impossible to sign in with the credentials that the app requests. Have followed web site instructions to enable login - they don't work. Would not recommend this joke of an app to anyone at this point."

"I use the new Quicken for Mac.  I thought I give the mobile app a try. I tried to sync from my Mac to the mobile app.  A sync error occurred. I tried the recommended reset, same problem. Did a chat, recommended that I upgrade to OS8 even though app says it works with OS7. I refused to do that as phone is a 4S.  The chat person offered to have tech support call back. I asked if this was a bump up and she said no but the person who called back was excellent and helped me delete what was causing the sync error.  Still only three stars since the initial support experience was so awful."

"I upgraded and have several problems....1.  My balances do not match my actual account balances, with Quicken showing hundreds of dollars lower available than I have in the account.2.  When you sync, it will sometimes duplicate entries (I do not enter pending transactions manually nor do I have any accounts set up to automatically post).3.  One of my accounts recently switched to needing a secret word + clicking your selected picture + your password to access your account online.  Quicken cannot do that and now the primary account I got the program for cannot be accessed without going through bunches of problems.  It is now easier to just login online to get account info.As a result, I have removed Quicken from my iPad because it no longer functions correctly. I straightened out the duplicates more than once and the problems with the balances more than once, but with it unable to access my account each time I open it, it is worthless to me."

"I use the new Quicken for Mac.  I thought I give the mobile app a try. I tried to sync from my Mac to the mobile app.  A sync error occurred. I tried the recommended reset, same problem. Did a chat, recommended that I upgrade to OS8 even though app says it works with OS7. I refused to do that as phone is a 4S.  I will likely live without a mobile app as never had before and next time try another vender for banking software. Was not impressed at all with Quicken support."

More junk from Intuit. Unable to sign in to my account. Unable to obtain a credit report. This is the last time I ever purchase Quicken.

"Out of 4 accounts it was able to successfully synch 2 of them.  I can see the transactions in the other two accounts but it doesn't update the ending balance.  I guess I can play with it until the issue is resolved.  When I downloaded I expected there to be some flaws and I was not disappointed.  Hopefull Intuit will find out how to better QA this product before releasing it to the market.  Granted it's a free app but I paid a long for the desktop version, the least they could is get this app right.  Waiting for updates to bug fixes for now..."

"After TWO different chat sessions and countless attempts to uninstall/reinstall app, unlink Cloud and relink Cloud, sync accounts on desktop totalling ONE HOUR FORTY MINUTES... I have to conclude that the app simply is not ready for prime time. Although the desktop confirms accounts are synced, the app verifys successful signin but no accounts synced yet! Did the drill endlessley on chat support and they ended it with referring me to my bank! It is not a bank issue when the accounts show synced on PC and not recognized on app! I have to give up and move on to other tasks. This has proven to be a futile endeavor. What seemed like a new solution for on-the-fly record keeping, is just a pipe dream."

"Why isn't mint bills part of this same app? Two apps - neither of which does everything that together would make for a perfect setup. Quicken I've used over a decade and this quicken app doesn't pull in my schedule of upcoming bills due for me to see? I'd like to be able pay to my bills through this app too, quicken already has all the same bill and loan data I had to key again into Mint bill."

"Installed this app from the App Store on my IOS devices.  Then installed Quicken 2015 on my MacBook as an update from Quicken Essentials. For the Mac platform you need to have this software on your Mac for this to all work and it is during this installation where syncing with you IOS devices is enabled as an option.  Got Quicken 2015 completely up and running with all my accounts.  Then I went to the app on both my iPhone and iPad.  Signed into my Intuit account on both devices and did a sync.   Everything showed up on my devices just like it was supposed too.  Added and deleted checkbook entries going both ways.  No issues, but then I'm not downloading stuff directly from my bank or credit cards so I can't speak to that.   So for me it works.   The only disappointment is you can't transfer between accounts, that's why only 4 stars."

"I've been a quicken user for over 20 years. This app was a long awaited feature since they discontinued the original quicken mobile that was made by a third party company. That Palm OS app was better than his piece of junk. This is basically an orphan of the mint.com app. You're unable to make a split transaction or transfer within the app, you can initiate it but must clean the transaction up (either enter the split or the transfer account) in the desktop version later after they're sunk. So it really saves no time. It's becoming pretty clear that quicken is the redhead stepchild of the intuit product line. Sad..."

"App worked fine at first.  I was glad to have this info available, although I noticed that even though you're given the option to edit info on the app, it doesn't change your desktop and reverts to the desktop info.I have deleted the app and re-installed several times. Checked my desktop settings.  Removed and replaced my accounts again.  Totally closed down the option on desktop and started again.I'm still getting the same error message.It will be nice once it's fixed, but for now it's very frustrating.  I will just uninstall again and disconnect from the cloud for now.I gave it 2 stars because it worked fairly well at first-but deserves 0 presently."

Not sure what all the bad reviews are about. The app works perfectly.

"Copy/Paste is not supported on the login password. Without that, there's no way for my complex password from 1Password to be copied."

"I love the ability to attack a picture to transactions, But it was locking up occasionally.  Really wish you could add transfers directly, instead using transfer as the category and changing to the account later.  Also had sync problem if old downloads not cleared.Ending balances are great if you don't fall behind."

"After finally getting things up and running I've had some time to use Quicken 2015. I'm not one of those that is going to compare this version to the Windows version, but I will compare it to Moneydance and Quicken Essentials for Mac. I am very happy to see Intuit finally getting on the band wagon to produce a current version however in my opinion there are some glaring shortfalls that should be addressed before my 1-star rating can be turned into a 5-star. At a price tag of $79 I would expect a more polished application. Here are just some of the problems I've run into:DESKTOP APP:There needs to be more customization options so that the end user can make the application behave in a manner thats fits the users way of handling finances and not in the manner that Quicken feels that we should.Importing data is a HUGE pain especially if you are coming from another application such as Moneydance or iBank. It took me days to get my information correctly loaded into Quicken 2015 and Im still working on it!No iCloud support. There should be live cloud synching.There is no option to allow for automatic synching with bank accounts upon launching the app. Furthermore, synching should occur in the background and not present you with a pop-up window that covers half of the screen and prevents you from continuing to use the app.After synching with financial institutions, why not have a little blue dot next tot he account name so that you dont have to click on each account just to see if there are new items???THE RUNNING BALANCE IS NOT CONSISTENTLY ACCURATE!!!!! MANY TIMES YOU HAVE TO RE-SORT THE TRANSACTIONS IN ORDER TO GET THE CORRECT RUNNING BALANCE!There is no online billpay!MOBILE APP:The mobile app is ridiculous. It's basically the Mint app. Come on Intuit, give us a real Quicken app to use not a lame featureless, un-customizable app. Online balance and ending balance do not match up even when all transactions are up-to-date. The balances do show up correctly in the desktop app but not on the mobile app. When you spend $80 for software, there should be NO attempts at selling you third party products and services. I don't need to open a free account with another bank so stop suggesting it! What a slap in the face it is to see ads on somehting that youve paid this kind of money for.For some reason, the accounts overview page rounds account balances up/down and does not include the cents. When I see my account balances, I want to know the exact balance, not a rough estimate.When entering transactions on-the-go the mobile app is just too ""clunky"". It should not require multiple screens and as many clicks as it does to add a single transaction.There is no running balance(s) listed along side each transaction!If you enter a transaction via the mobile app and then later need to change the amount, you cannot. Your only option is to delete the transaction and enter it again from scratch.If I thought more about it Im sure I could come up with more reasons to be disappointed with Quicken 2015 but these are the glaring defects as I see them. I don't think this app is ready for prime time and feel that the $79 price tag is too high. I would expect much more for from Intuit and Quicken."

"The app stinks it up just like the Quicken software.  To bad Microsoft abandoned Money several years ago, now Quicken has no competition."

"This has always been a mediocre app with awful customer support. Now, it doesn't accept my password....or ANY text I try to type in. If Intuit put in as much effort in supporting their products as they do in trying to sell me their next version, this wouldn't happen."

"Have to delete and reinstall the app every other month or so.  The app does not recognize the keyboard at the PIN entry page, he only solution is to delete and reinstall.Limited functionality but better than having no app.  Needs split categories.  Also waiting for OCR for receipts.  That would be a game changer."

"After finally getting things up and running I've had some time to use Quicken 2015. I'm not one of those that is going to compare this version to the Windows version, but I will compare it to Moneydance and Quicken Essentials for Mac. I am very happy to see Intuit finally getting on the band wagon to produce a current version however in my opinion there are some glaring shortfalls that should be addressed before my 1-star rating can be turned into a 5-star. At a price tag of $79 I would expect a more polished application. Here are just some of the problems I've run into:DESKTOP APP:There needs to be more customization options so that the end user can make the application behave in a manner thats fits the users way of handling finances and not in the manner that Quicken feels that we should.Importing data is a HUGE pain especially if you are coming from another application such as Moneydance or iBank. It took me days to get my information correctly loaded into Quicken 2015 and Im still working on it!No iCloud support. There should be live cloud synching.There is no option to allow for automatic synching with bank accounts upon launching the app. Furthermore, synching should occur in the background and not present you with a pop-up window that covers half of the screen and prevents you from continuing to use the app.THE RUNNING BALANCE IS NOT CONSISTENTLY ACCURATE!!!!! MANY TIMES YOU HAVE TO RE-SORT THE TRANSACTIONS IN ORDER TO GET THE CORRECT RUNNING BALANCE!MOBILE APP:When you spend $80 for software, there should be NO attempts at selling you third party products and services. I don't need to open a free account with another bank so stop suggesting it! What a slap in the face it is to see ads on somehting that youve paid this kind of money for.The mobile app is ridiculous. It's basically the Mint app. Come on Intuit, give us a real Quicken app to use!For some reason, the accounts overview page rounds account balances up/down and does not include the cents. When I see my account balances, I want to know the exact balance, not a rough estimate.When entering transactions on-the-go the mobile app is just too ""clunky"". It should not require multiple screens and as many clicks as it does to add a  a single transaction.There is no running balance(s) listed along side each transaction!If you enter a transaction via the mobile app and need to change the amount, you cannot. Your only option is to delete the transaction and enter it again from scratch.If I thought more about it Im sure I could come up with more reasons to be disappointed with Quicken 2015 but these are the glaring defects as I see them. I don't think this app is ready for prime time and feel that the $79 price tag is too high. I would expect much more for from Intuit and Quicken."

"After finally getting things up and running I've had some time to use Quicken 2015. I'm not one of those that is going to compare this version to the Windows version, but I will compare it to Moneydance and Quicken Essentials for Mac. I am very happy to see Intuit finally getting on the band wagon to produce a current version however in my opinion there are some glaring shortfalls that should be addressed before my 1-star rating can be turned into a 5-star. At a price tag of $79 I would expect a more polished application. Here are just some of the problems I've run into:DESKTOP APP:There needs to be more customization options so that the end user can make the application behave in a manner thats fits the users way of handling finances and not in the manner that Quicken feels that we should.Importing data is a HUGE pain especially if you are coming from another application such as Moneydance or iBank. It took me days to get my information correctly loaded into Quicken 2015 and Im still working on it!No iCloud support. There should be live cloud synching.There is no option to allow for automatic synching with bank accounts upon launching the app. Furthermore, synching should occur in the background and not present you with a pop-up window that covers half of the screen and prevents you from continuing to use the app.THE RUNNING BALANCE IS NOT CONSISTENTLY ACCURATE!!!!! MANY TIMES YOU HAVE TO RE-SORT THE TRANSACTIONS IN ORDER TO GET THE CORRECT RUNNING BALANCE!MOBILE APP:The mobile app is ridiculous. It's basically the Mint app. Come on Intuit, give us a real Quicken app to use not a lame featureless, un-customizable app. Online balance and ending balance do not match up even when all transactions are up-to-date. The balances do show up correctly in the desktop app but not on the mobile app. When you spend $80 for software, there should be NO attempts at selling you third party products and services. I don't need to open a free account with another bank so stop suggesting it! What a slap in the face it is to see ads on somehting that youve paid this kind of money for.For some reason, the accounts overview page rounds account balances up/down and does not include the cents. When I see my account balances, I want to know the exact balance, not a rough estimate.When entering transactions on-the-go the mobile app is just too ""clunky"". It should not require multiple screens and as many clicks as it does to add a single transaction.There is no running balance(s) listed along side each transaction!If you enter a transaction via the mobile app and then later need to change the amount, you cannot. Your only option is to delete the transaction and enter it again from scratch.If I thought more about it Im sure I could come up with more reasons to be disappointed with Quicken 2015 but these are the glaring defects as I see them. I don't think this app is ready for prime time and feel that the $79 price tag is too high. I would expect much more for from Intuit and Quicken."

Is this a joke? It's 2015 already.

"Suddenly the app ""Cannot Connect to the Server"" even though it connects to show my balance. I am unable to enter transactions. Very poor syncing with my Mac desktop."

"How many bugs can one app have? For such a popular company Intuit makes some terrible software. This app freezes, the photo storage breaks, and you have to uninstall and reinstall the whole damned thing at least every other month. A great idea for an app that had sadly not come to fruition."

"This works fine as a read-only setup. If you are looking for a parallel of the desktop version then it has a long way to go.  Most notably are the inability to work with split transactions by entering into the app (can only work with them if they were entered in the desktop or downloaded from the bank), and more surprisingly the inability to add check numbers to a new transaction when entering in the app. This app has a lot of potential if it would include more features comparable to the desktop."

bad

I was running on Quicken 2012 just fine on my laptop.  Thought it would be cool and more efficient to have mobile capability so I upgraded to 2015.  Waste if money!  I should have read the reviews.  It should at least have provided ALL the input fields on the mobile app.  There is no place for my check number of all things so I have to fix entries later.  Argh!  Get it together Intuit!

"I was not expecting a full duplication of the desktop, but wanted a way to view my account data on the go, so with that in mind I found this application to work fine.  Other software with a mobile extension (i.e. 1Password) charge an additional fee for the mobile app, so it was nice to see that Intuit kept it free given that its users have already paid for the desktop piece it syncs to.I would like to see the investment account details included, even if it was limited to listing those accounts and there current balances.  I was also surprised to find that the check numbers of the checks I have written are not included in the detail synced over for my checking account.  Add those two missing element in a future update and you can include me as a happy customer."

"So far it shows me what I want to see. But the way it shows me I do not like. Positive numbers show up in red and negative numbers show up in black. I though in accounting it was the other way around. I can not list accounts in the order I would like to see them. I think it lists them alphabetically by name of financial institution. Tried the quicken help chat, not much help and may not be in this country."

"The mobile app needs to show ALL accounts and not just cash or credit cards. It also needs to do splits and transfers. We really need rollover budgets as well. But most of all, the mobile app needs to be a full data entry point, not a lame viewer of what's going on in the desktop version. The amazing thing is that Quicken had all this like 15 years ago! It was called PocketQuicken!"

"I bought this upgrade so I could use the app on my iPhone and iPad. I wanted to have access to my account information on something other than my computer. Unfortunately, my account information doesn't sync correctly to my iPhone and iPad so it is different than what I have on my computer. I love the idea of having access to information that will sync across my devices but this isn't there yet. Hopefully a future update will fix it. Until then this app is worthless..."

"I just got a email from Intuit for Quicken for Mac 2015 for $37.49 half price, so I purchased it to try this app on my iPad, I didnt realize in order to use this app you have to set up a mobile cloud service  thru intuit even if its free. I really dont like all my banking info going to intuit,  It would be a much better app  if you had the option of syncing it thru WiFi and not the cloud with your intuit ID. Glad I didnt spend $74 on the app store for Quicken 2015."

"This app serves no useful purpose that I can discern. First, it does not download data from the bank so accounts cannot be updated when traveling. Second, there is no running balance. A banking app with no running balance? Amazing. I can't determine what I would use it for."

The app is a great idea if it would do what it says. Unfortunately it is riddled with bugs. I have tried entering 10 transactions in the last few days and only 2 have been successful. The app crashes constantly while entering data as it is unstable. Long term Quicken users will know what I mean since that is pretty much what I have learned to expect from Intuit.

This will only be used if you are a Window's desktop user if you are a Mac OS desktop user  you cannot use this applicationAs it is not a standalone applicationAnd Mac Quicken does not have a sync option

"This app is nice and works as a great companion to running Quicken on my Mac. That said, it's unfortunate that a free platform (Mint) gets better updates and features (like Retina HD support) sooner than a 'premium' paid platform."

"The App worked fine before.  However, since the last iPad software update, you cannot enter your password to gain access to your account.  Now when I attempt to enter my password, nothing happens, I cannot enter any numbers, and I cannot use the App.  Someone needs to fix this issue Asap."

"I've been using the app with synced accounts since August.  All of a sudden, I logged in and it says I have no accounts synced and will not work.  This is ridiculous as I haven't changed ANYTHING.  Please fix this error!"

"I get alerts that I have ""unusual"" activity on my account all the time, and instead of going to the computer, I thought I would try the app.  You can not see any accounts, can't change anything, and you can't really do anything with this app.  So, like the title says, it's pointless!"

"I have used the full featured Quicken software for Windows for years. Great software. I looked forward to upgrading to quicken 2015 to be able to sync with the Quicken app on my phone for easy access to all transactions, track net worth, investments, etc.  Unfortunately you can't sync investment accounts such as 401k or IRAs. What? There is not much information regarding the limited features of this app. That is a core feature of Quicken, and if tracking net worth, critical. In contrast, the Mint app (also from Intuit) does allow tracking of investment account balances and (limited) tracking of transactions and in my opinion is a superior app and is free. However, in exchange for free, Mint mines your data. You give up a degree of financial privacy. I was hoping to retain more privacy with the Quicken app since I paid big bucks for the desktop software, but the app is crippled. Intuit develops both Quicken and Mint, so they have the ability to integrate these features. Sigh. Delete both apps."

"5 stars: The thing we most need to do, share account balance and transaction data from Quicken home and business among our partners for our small business, this app does great.1 star: Seems like almost everything else about it is not so great.  It always starts in a home screen that shows expense summary which only shows too level, so if you organize your expenses logically then it just shows one category as 100%.  If you scroll a few screens you get to a net income chart, which might be useful if data wasn't wrong.  It seems to ignore completely income from invoices.  We didn't check to see if expenses were ignored as well.There is no way to set initial screen so as to get to first useful screen, account transactions.  It takes a bunch of key strokes which is annoying.There are alerts in the news section that we looked at a few times, but whatever algorithm used to generate them is always wrong, and we have never seen a single useful alert.  There seems to be no way to turn them off in app.  Maybe in the desktop app there is a way."

"Overall, the app works well. However, I do have a few complaints/suggestions for improvement as follows:1) When trying to capture a picture of a receipt, the screen remains blank so it is hard to line up the receipt without a viewfinder. After the photo has been taken, the screen viewfinder begins to work, so I generally have to take a shot to get the viewfinder to activate and then press ""Retake"" to line the next photo up properly. A bit annoying. 2) When tying to edit older transactions (say, more than 4 months old), the app does not let me adjust the date. This is annoying if trying to correct the date downloaded from a bank where the date is often a few days after the actual transaction date. To do this, I need to go back to the Quicken software on my PC. 3) When entering a transfer, the app does not ask to which account you wish to transfer. I need to go to the Quicken software on my PC and replace [unassigned account] with the desired account. Not very convenient. 4) It would be nice to be able to capture multiple photos for receipts as the Quicken software on my PC allows. 5) When entering split transaction details, it would be nice to be able to enter a negative amount (sort of like doing a journal entry).6) The app does crash regularly when using it intensively - a couple times an hour actually. I notice it happens when take/uploading photos of receipts. I am using iPhone 6 with the latest iOS version and was on high-speed wifi when I happened."

This app has received 4 updates since its introduction in the fall of 2013. In comparison Mint (a free intuit product) has received 17 updates in the same timeframe. Why Intuit? Why? Why shaft your paying desktop client customers by providing them a subpar experience on mobile? Why provide a better experience for your free service? Get it together Intuit! I'm submitting my refund request for Quicken 2015 as you read this.

This app has received 4 updates since its introduction in the fall of 2013. In comparison Mint (a free intuit product) has received 17 updates in the same timeframe. Why Intuit? Why? Why shaft your paying desktop client customers by providing them a subpar experience on mobile? Why provide a better experience for your free service? Get it together Intuit! I'm submitting my refund request for Quicken 2015 as you read this.

This app is a waste of money.  It rarely works.It is suppose to sync from your laptop to your mobile device.   It is now not working again.  Quicken please fix this or refund our money

This app is a waste of money.  It rarely works.It is suppose to sync from your laptop to your mobile device.   It is now not working again.  Quicken please fix this or refund our money

The problem is that you can only see US accounts and not other foreign currency accounts. It's incredibly frustrating as I use multiple currencies! Please update the app to include this.

The problem is that you can only see US accounts and not other foreign currency accounts. It's incredibly frustrating as I use multiple currencies! Please update the app to include this.

"I have Quicken sync with the cloud when it opens and when it closes.  All of my transactions show up without a problem.  My #1 wish is they would carry over the balance from the register for each transaction in a given account.  I dont really care that my online balance is $X and my ending balance is $X, Id rather know that today I have a balance $X but in 3 weeks Ill have a balance of $X after all of my bills are paid.  Selecting an individual transaction provides the category, tag, and memo.  It really shouldnt be that much more bring over the balance listed on my account."

"I have been a quicken desktop user since 2009. When Intuit bought Mint.com and based Quicken mobile on the Mint app, I was hoping for Quicken to perform like Mint. But I was dissapointed. It seems like it took several years, but it looks like Intuit finally nailed syncing your data between the mobile and desktop applications. It finally works. I'm giving the app four stars, not five, because it still lacks some of the features on the Mint app, like syncing your investment portfolio data and for only being able to sync some of the accounts on the desktop app (no liability or other asset accounts)."

"I have been a quicken desktop user since 2009. When Intuit bought Mint.com and based Quicken mobile on the Mint app, I was hoping for Quicken to perform like Mint. But I was dissapointed. It seems like it took several years, but it looks like Intuit finally nailed syncing your data between the mobile and desktop applications. It finally works. I'm giving the app four stars, not five, because it still lacks some of the features on the Mint app, like syncing your investment portfolio data and for only being able to sync some of the accounts on the desktop app (no liability or other asset accounts)."

The feature to take pictures of receipts does not work very well.  I've done it successfully once but I've tried at least a dozen times.  Sometimes the app crashes and sometimes it hangs on the camera screen.  Quicken doesn't have any support available on it's website for the mobile product specifically.  It's unusable for me because this is the feature I wanted.

"My initial excitement I felt when I learned that Quicken was going mobile and could sync to my full desktop version has waned. The solution I am still looking for would allow me to fully enter my financial life as I live it, as opposed to the problem I have of sitting for hours catching up a week's worth of transactions.The problem is the inability to split a transaction generated in the mobile app. If you add this simple function to the mobile app    , I'd give 5 stars. But I refuse to accept that we need to have less detail in tracking our spending habits, because we are transitioning to mobile computing. If I am mistaken and the ability to split a transaction is here, then the design and layout is poorly executed."

"My initial excitement I felt when I learned that Quicken was going mobile and could sync to my full desktop version has waned. The solution I am still looking for would allow me to fully enter my financial life as I live it, as opposed to the problem I have of sitting for hours catching up a week's worth of transactions.The problem is the inability to split a transaction generated in the mobile app. If you add this simple function to the mobile app    , I'd give 5 stars. But I refuse to accept that we need to have less detail in tracking our spending habits, because we are transitioning to mobile computing. If I am mistaken and the ability to split a transaction is here, then the design and layout is poorly executed."

"I have always been a fan of Quicken; however, I am very  disappointed with this app. Put simply it does not work. Every attempt to sync with the desktop returns an error that it was unsuccessful."

"I have always been a fan of Quicken; however, I am very  disappointed with this app. Put simply it does not work. Every attempt to sync with the desktop returns an error that it was unsuccessful. Customer support stated they charge for support and cannot provide any for mobile devices."

"I have always been a fan of Quicken; however, I am very  disappointed with this app. Put simply it does not work. Every attempt to sync with the desktop returns an error that it was unsuccessful. Customer support stated they charge for support and cannot provide any for mobile devices."

Forgets your password when the new versions are installed which makes it easy for anyone to see your finances. Haven't used it in a while and found out that It hadn't synced in 2 months.

Forgets your password when the new versions are installed which makes it easy for anyone to see your finances. Haven't used it in a while and found out that It hadn't synced in 2 months.

"Could sync my accounts with Chase, so no mobile access.  Wasted my money on the latest quicken upgrade."

"I would like to be able to see my invoice balances in the app or better yet, be able to make/edit an invoice via the app otherwise  I like it"

"I would like to be able to see my invoice balances in the app or better yet, be able to make/edit an invoice via the app otherwise  I like it"

"When trying to update, e.g., a Discover Card account, the app returns, ""The acquisition request is missing a needed login credential value."" Sure, I think I know what that means, but the English isn't very plain, nor am I provided a way to fix it that works. Yes, I'm inputting the correct ID and password values, but the app must not be taking into account all that the account login is asking for behind the scenes. Please fix."

"When trying to update, e.g., a Discover Card account, the app returns, ""The acquisition request is missing a needed login credential value."" Sure, I think I know what that means, but the English isn't very plain, nor am I provided a way to fix it that works. Yes, I'm inputting the correct ID and password values, but the app must not be taking into account all that the account login is asking for behind the scenes. Please fix."

"If you are expecting to be able to categorize that long list of non-cleared transactions that piles up each month, forget it. This app doesn't do it. It just gives you a one directional, read-only view of spending of ONLY cleared transactions that you've already reviewed and cleared on the PC. Completely useless app."

"If you are expecting to be able to categorize that long list of non-cleared transactions that piles up each month, forget it. This app doesn't do it. It just gives you a one directional, read-only view of spending of ONLY cleared transactions that you've already reviewed and cleared on the PC. Completely useless app."

"It actually works great.  You have make sure you sync to cloud on your quicken desktop software before downloading bank data so that updates you made on the app are downloaded first. Transactions downloaded will be ""matched"" with records from the cloud.  Otherwise you end up having duplicate transactions. After upgraded to iPhone 6+ the app seems experience more issues updating accounts. Want that much of a problem when I was on iPhone 5.  Wondering if it's and iOS issue."

Disappointing... I've been a quicken user since 1994!  Does not sync properly... Tried many times... Hopefully will address in an update

"I have used Quicken for PC for over 10 years and love the product for tracking my personal finances.  The information I want from the Iphone app is how much disposable cash I have for the month, but this seems to be a problem (not sure why it seems like a simple calculation that should be easy to do in the app)  Not sure why none of the apps so far have had this feature.  Also not sure what the ""Ending Balance"" on the app is supposed to be, it does not match any balance on my transaction record on the PC."

"It actually works great.  You have make sure you sync to cloud on your quicken desktop software before downloading bank data so that updates you made on the app are downloaded first. Transactions downloaded will be ""matched"" with records from the cloud.  Otherwise you end up having duplicate transactions. After upgraded to iPhone 6+ the app seems experience more issues updating accounts. Want that much of a problem when I was on iPhone 5.  Wondering if it's and iOS issue."

Disappointing... I've been a quicken user since 1994!  Does not sync properly... Tried many times... Hopefully will address in an update

"I use this app primary to enter our cash transactions on the go. It works great for that, and giving us our current balances on bank and credit card accounts quickly. I wish I could view transactions several months old, but for what I use it for it is a very functional tool."

Unreliable and error prone.

Constantly says cohere is a problem with the bank yet the desktop version has no issues. Reset and everything. Simply garbage.

C'mon Intuit! Did you hire a UX department to build this app or did the business dept build it? The graph is confusing and practically un-useable not to mention clunky. Cool gimmicks..

"As others have stated, the functionality of this app is so limited that it renders it virtually useless. I want to see all my balances and transactions, including my investments accounts. I'm deleting this version and hoping a later version will actually be useful."

Syncs from the desktop to our iPhones using the Quicken Cloud perfectly!  This is the version we have been waiting for!

"Don't do it! The issues with sync, even though rather infrequent, will consume your time working with customer service to resolve them."

"This App would be at least a 4 star rating if it had the correct balance after it Syncs. All the transactions show ok, but ending balance is way off in the check register. Do not Sync to the desktop as it screws that up too. Desktop version is the best Quicken for Mac ever."

All you can see is charts and unwanted stuff I don't want to see.What do I want to see?1. The registers of each of my accounts from my desktop software.2. The ability to sync my desktop version to my iPad version (and vice versa) via Wi-Fi.3. A reminder of recurring payments 5-10 days prior to due date.4. A reminder of recurring deposits as well.That's just for starters.

"This is a great and usefull app. After the last update, the app closes and dies after I take a picture of the reciept. No warnings. Any information I entered previously is gone. Intuit is better than this!"

"As a long-time Quicken user, I had hoped that Intuit had finally returned to supporting the Mac and even iOS.  This app is a minimal attempt to provide a mobile connection to what the desktop version provides, but only for banking.  No bill pay, no investment overview, no portfolio performance, little more than electronic checkbook register.Stick with Quicken 2007 and any bank app for better control of your finances."

to believe it's ever going to get all the issues fixed. Don't believe me then search google.

"I was able to use this with no issues but recently I have been unable to update any of my accounts due to a ""temporary connectivity issue"". Tried website for support with no success."

I definitely like being able to add transactions on the go. The ability to view cumulative balance and today's balance would be nice. I would give it a five star for that additional feature.

Wow ... Seeing my quicken data when I travel ... Amazing.  I think the 2 star rating is very unfair.

What a waste!

"Frequently fails to link to banks with correct log in information and doesn't offer possible reasons for the failure. Solutions require the user to have knowledge enough to delete and reinstall, then reset up the software multiple times. Updates too frequently and unnecessarily cause the user to have to sit and wait to use their device. Closing the app mid update potentially causes sync problems with your desktop Quicken. I have a need for this kind of software but will GOOGLE PLEASE STAND UP AND OFFER SOME COMPETITION?"

I wasn't expecting all the features of my desktop version. However little things like remembering transactions so I don't have to keep typing categories each time would be helpful! There's more but my list is at home. I just felt the need to say something while I was in the middle of entering some transactions.

This app fails at everything it does. Too bad to as I really wanted it to work. Doesn't work with chase. Keeps giving a login error even though quicken 2015 has no problem logging in with the same credentials. Guess I'll have to wait for the next major version before trying again.

"The app works well, (if you follow sync procedures) but still lacks the ability  to conciliate and create accounts and categories on the go, highly expected on a mobile version.."

Please show a running balance after each transaction not just an ending balance. If I have pending transactions two weeks about the ending balance ready isn't accurate. Need running balance just like the desktop program please!!!

"Taking a photo of your receipt is a great feature, but suffered a horrible crash bug at launch. Intuit has continued to develop the software, and as of late 2014 it now only crashes occasionally. Usually a second try will go through.  While still imperfect, it is now practical for general use. (Review updated 11/2014, 3* changed to 4*.)"

App was great for a while. Recently some accounts would not update. Syncing to the program on my computer wasn't happening. With all of my accounts having there own mobile app why do I try using quicken mobile? So I can use one app to quickly check my accounts. This app doesn't let me do that. Doubt that I will buy the 2015 quicken unless they fix the mobile app integration.

"Description: Quicken extension app for the desktop software, intended to allow ease of inputting of transactions. Provides updates of balances & Quick looks at in/out.Pros: pretty. Setup was easy. Occasionally updates balances. Alerts to let you know about specific events. Cons: categories do not save across the cloud, nor does the app remember the category on subsequent repeat transactions. Updates are not always accurate, alerts seem to run several days behind.Summary: hold out until intuit gets it in line, inaccurate information and cumbersome category selection kill this one for me, it's just faster to do it on the PC. Would like to see this as a stand alone product with advanced functionality as with the Full product."

"I followed the directions for syncing, however I continually get an error message.  No one to help.  I've finally quit and delated this app."

I have used Quicken on my PC since the early 90's and it's great. But this is a waste of time. Let me see and update my check registry or at least view it.I'm giving up on Quicken and switching to something that embraces our mobile world.

Dumb.

"I actually upgraded to quicken 2014 because of the promise to be able to synch with my mobile devise. Unfortunately, I've not been able to get the app to synch or work with my desktop version. I've been a long time user of Quicken products, but Quicken definitely gets a fail for this one. They don't provide any meaningful help or solutions to solving the problem either. Very disappointing Quicken."

The synchronization with the web is very bad. Quick Update please

"Do not waste your time and money. If you insist in using it, be sure to have a backup of your file. You will need it later. .."

"Works finest of the time, but get this message too much (even when on wifi and all other apps are fine). What's up with that?"

This app is a companion to the desktop version of quicken.  You can add transactions from any of your iOS platforms and always have an up to date picture of your bank and credit card accounts.  The app shows both the online balance and the real balance (with the pending transactions) for the checking accounts. Unfortunately not for the credit cards.  The iOS platforms sync to the quicken cloud which then syncs back to the pc the next time you open up the desktop app.  Even without using the PC this app will download your bank info daily from the cloud which is great. Has worked great so far.  It also has a snap shot photo you can take of your receipts as you enter them which is handy.  I hope some day its a stand alone version but for now its helpful.  The only reason I use the pc now is for backup and to setup new accounts. I would give it 5 starts if it was stand alone.

"After 18 hours of troubleshooting with tech-support, I've come to no resolution. Both the app, and the program are very buggy. Quicken 2013 worked well, but as soon as I installed 2015. None of it worked. App not sync with the bank, and program will not function correctly with online mobile banking. I've used Quicken since the beginning, but no longer.  It only took 20 minutes to set up my other financial manager."

"We're given the quicken app 5 stars because we realized it's designed to be an extension of the desktop program.  As such, it's not linked to our financial institutions in a way that apps like Mint are.  We purchased Q-14 as an upgrade from the previous version at the beginning of this year, but never installed it or used this app because, lately, we rarely use our PC.  Mint or our financial institution's app has been our go to since we're on the go a lot.  We'll update this review as we attempt to use both."

"Maybe my expectations were too high; I expected it to be like desktop Quicken. It's not! Cannot view account balances, cannot turnoff stupid alerts, and I could go on and on about how it's not like quicken."

"Everything worked great until couple weeks ago when suddenly stops syncing. Contacted support several times, they say it's a server problem they're aware of however it's been over a week now there's no resolution. Still can't get an update from the company on when it's going to be fixed."

1.Cannot change the currency to match the desktop version 2.Always show expire notifications when open the app and need to re-sign in everytime.3. Bad User Interface and User Experience.

"Bugs, Bugs, Bugs !!! Buying Every year the new version for a disapointing result"

"It keeps saying my login credentials are invalid although I can login to the bank website on my phone and I can login to the bank website within the quicken app under ""go to bank"" ridiculous!"

"I recently upgraded from Quicken 2013 and used the corresponding app. The 2014/2015 app fits better with the iOS8 design and has some addition features; however, I have some issues:1) I have location enabled, and when entering a transaction in the app, it shows me the same 3 payees every time. The 2013 app used to let me select from recent payees based on location. I only have Google locations now suggested - I want MY payees.2) Again for entering a transaction, the Next button is down on the bottom right as you step through, but when I'm done I have to go to the top right to complete the entry? Logically, shouldn't it be in the same location so we don't have to hunt to finish entry? If I remember correctly, this is how the 2013 app was setup."

I love that I can sync my translations to the desktop program while on the go. But there are some annoyances. Once you enter a transaction you can't edit the amount on the mobile app. It would also be nice to be able to see upcoming transactions and be able to enter them on mobile app as well. Such as process all upcoming bills to a certain date. Pocket money was great for this but the develop passed away and lost support

"Very good app in principle but needs work. Not always in sync with computer program. ""Cleared"" items are bold but are not dark enough to differ from ""uncleared"" items. Need to either be darker or differ in color. Deposits are green, cleared items black. Make uncleared items red. Simple solve.After further review, I'm changing my opinion. With the newest update to IOS 8 in addition to the above suggestions their are some major issues with the mobile version. They will not update or sync with the computer version. The info added to the the mobile version will transfer to the computer but not vise versa. Plus it will not sync from bank account. Don't use the mobile version...terrible. Needs major work."

I have synced my data and all accounts appear on the mobile App home page. When I select any account the Mobil App crashes. Nothing on the Web to explain the issue.

Crashes whenever I take a picture of a receipt. Very disappointing.

"I had Quicken 2010, and decided to buy Quicken 2015 for the purpose of being able to sync with my iPhone and iPad. I have the app on my iPhone and it hasn't updated to the transactions that I have manually posted on my MacBook.  I don't think it is a settings issue since my beginning balance and some initial transactions carried over."

"Loan accounts won't sync. Amount cannot be edited. Cleared column is not showing. Payment type cannot edit. PDF attachment not possible. If these can be added, this will be very useful."

"Complete waste of time.  Does nothing useful.  Cannot enter, edit items in accounts.  Cannot see specific account balances.  Garbage."

OK so I began using Quicken for PC years ago and loved it.  When I went and bought an iMac and began using Quicken Essentials I was disappointed but still it is the best program out there for banking.  Now I did pay the big bucks to get the newest Quicken 2015 on my computer and Im not disappointed!  Thanks Quicken for hanging in there and giving us back Quicken that works.  For those who dont rate it well I think it is because you arent taking the time to get it set up properly.  Keep working with it I know you will be happy with it when you do.

Please add the ability to see investment accounts!

"Very dissatisfied with the lack of functionality available in this app, and the inability to sync all my accounts."

Does not sync. It says my last download was May 2014.

App does not remember categories. Previous versions did - just like computer version does. It's annoying because apps create habits and suddenly you have to change habits because a developer decided to complicate things.

I really tried to like this app; Quicken for the Mac has come a long way and isnt bad but when it comes to the iOS app it lacks some features Im used to with other apps. The number one thing I need is to have is the running balance with each transaction and future transactions synced.My wife and I use a competitors app and we can see how our balance progresses for the next few weeks as future transactions are entered. If I had this one thing I would probably switch from one of their competitors but currently theres no way to see what my balance would be on my next payday.

"Amount cannot be edited. Cleared column is not showing. Payment type cannot edit. PDF attachment not possible. If these can be added, this will be very useful."

"This might not have all of the functionality that I would like, but what is provided is accurate. The sync works perfectly and I can see my balance as is vs. what has cleared."

Keep in mind that this is a companion app to the desktop version. With that in mind it works as advertised.  I was able to sync from desktop to app and from app to desktop with no problems. All the features of the app worked for me.  Sync was fairly quick.  So far I'm happy with the app.

App worked fine but since upgrading to iOS 8 the camera stops working when trying to add a photo of a transaction. Also app tends to crash.

"All of the quicken products I have purchased since the 90s have been good with the exception of this app. It is buggy in that it doesn't recognize accounts and often fails to update correctly. It is a MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT. If there were a competitor, I would dump them asap."

"Paid the $75 to upgrade my desktop software. Troubleshot it for hours. Combed the online knowlebase, and talked to teo techs. It's just not reliable first off, syncing is terrible. There are limited views of your money as well. Say you have scheduled bills coming out in two weeks. Well you can see what your online balance is or the future balance after the bills come out is. But not the one you actually need which is today's balance. It's just crazy buggy with missing features that are needs not wants."

Instead of asking for a passcode I would like to see TouchID support.

Camera on iPhone 6 Plus does not function--black screen only.  Syncing needs significant improvement.

Title says it all. Quicken crashes every time I try to fill in a password with a 3rd party keyboard :/

"The totals on the mobile app for my checking account and one credit card account do not match the (correct) totals on my Mac. I've tried resetting the cloud, deleting the app and reinstalling, nothing works. I've searched for an answer to this issue with no luck. As it is now, this app is useless. So disappointed! Hope they fix this problem soon."

This app crashes and has become unusable.

Need improvements in accounts balance register.

"Could be an impressive mobile accessory application for the desktop program, but it requires a connection to the Internet in order to enter transactions into the register. Intuit should know better than to release such a product."

"If you have used Mint, then you know how this app works. The difference is that it doesn't download transactions for you in the app like Mint does. So far, it seems to download cleared transactions only just like Quicken. Mint also includes pending transactions. With Quicken, the only pending transactions you get are those you enter yourself. The app also has the cool benefit of taking a picture of your receipt and saving it with the transaction entry. You must accept this app for exactly what it is. It is an extension of the desktop client. It lets you view what has been entered from Quicken on your PC. It also lets you manually enter transactions while on the go to be synced with Quicken on your PC later. If you intend to manually enter transactions from a mobile device, it would be best to setup your Quicken client on your PC to update and cloud sync upon opening. You must cloud sync again when closing Quicken on your PC. If you skip these steps, you will experience issues!!  I think most people who have issues with this app may just not understand the principles of how cloud sync was intended to be used with Quicken."

Don't waste your time downloading this thinking it's free. You first have to purchase the Quicken 2014/15 desktop software B4 you can use this app.

"I am not sure what all the hate on this app is about. I have been using it with the new Quicken 2015 Deluxe and the only issue I have had so far is the app doesn't show the budgets I have setup.  I gave three stars because I consider that a fairly important feature and it should be fixed. If you have used Mint, then you know how this app works. The difference is that it doesn't download transactions for you in the app like Mint does. So far, it seems to download cleared transactions only just like Quicken. Mint also includes pending transactions. With Quicken, the only pending transactions you get are those you enter yourself. The app also has the cool benefit of taking a picture of your receipt and saving it with the transaction entry. You must accept this app for exactly what it is. It is an extension of the desktop client. It lets you view what has been entered from Quicken on your PC. It also lets you manually enter transactions while on the go to be synced with Quicken on your PC later. If you intend to manually enter transactions from a mobile device, it would be best to setup your Quicken client on your PC to update and cloud sync upon opening. You must cloud sync again when closing Quicken on your PC. If you skip these steps, you will experience issues!!  I think most people who have issues with this app may just not understand the principles of how cloud sync was intended to be used with Quicken."

Need a new update. When?

"Need improvements due to IOS 8. In addition to improvements on trends, Budget and Cash Flow fields."

I had been using this app successfully until I updated to the latest version of iOS. Now the quicken app gets stuck on the login screen and won't let me enter anything. I then deleted the app and reinstalled it. Now it says there are no accounts to sync with on my Intuit account. I hope re-syncing the desktop will fix it but I have my doubts.

"Considering Intuit had not updated its accounting program for Mac users since 2007, this new program is encouraging and is a good platform for the future.  Still, its a shame the new program doesnt incorporate simple functionality like being able to enter share prices manually.  Also, syncing transactions online with banks and credit card companies is sketchy.  That said, the program will improve with updates and Im glad Intuit is supporting us again with a major new program.  Its worth investing in."

Very convenient; I love that it acts as an electronic checkbook and I can track spending easily. Husband loves the receipt capture feature; he hated bringing receipts home to balance the checkbook. A few syncing issues at first but quicken help desk helped with that. I wish it had a tab for tracking bills due and paid.

"I have been using Quicken on Mac for the last few years, mainly as a checking and savings account register, and was happy to see the new app for Mac that allows syncing between Macs and iOS devices. The problem is how the bank account registers appear on iOS devices. The register for my checking account, for example, does not list an accurate current balance, even though the transactions synced from my MacBook are identical. I have no idea why this is, but I hope Intuit improves the iOS interface so that it presents information in a clear way that accurately reflects current balance. I can't recommend this app in current form."

"Just purchased the desktop software today and it seems to work well. Nevertheless, I'm frustrated that I haven't succeeded in getting it to sync with myMobile iPhone. I'll keep trying but it's somewhat disappointing."

"Need improvements on trends, Budget and Cash Flow."

It works is about all I can say  Limited functions.  Confusing features.  Cant control what accounts are displayed in the mobile app. Generally disappointed comparing it to the the Windows 2014 offering.

Please optimize for iPhone 6 Plus

"I am not sure what all the hate on this app is about. I have been using it with the new Quicken 2015 Deluxe and the only issue I have had so far is the app doesn't show the budgets I have setup.  I gave three stars because I consider that a fairly important feature and it should be fixed. If you have used Mint, then you know how this app works. The difference is that it doesn't download transactions for you in the app like Mint does. That, really, should be expected behavior as the point of purchasing Quicken for your PC is to perform that task there. The app also has the cool benefit of taking a picture of your receipt and saving it with the transaction entry. You must accept this app for exactly what it is. It is an extension of the desktop client. It lets you view what has been entered from Quicken on your PC. It also lets you manually enter transactions while on the go to be synced with Quicken on your PC later. If you intend to manually enter transactions from a mobile device, it would be best to setup your Quicken client on your PC to update and cloud sync upon opening. You must cloud sync again when closing Quicken on your PC. If you skip these steps, you will experience issues!!  I think most people who have issues with this app may just not understand the principles of who cloud sync was intended to be used with Quicken."

"After a two year hiatus from Quicken I came back now that the desktop would sync with my phone. While I'm thrilled with the desktop version, the phone app is less desirable. I primarily update my accounts through my phone, so I hope going forward some more function will be added. Such as viewing bill reminders, more options viewing and reconciling accounts and more options entering a transaction. Sticking with it for now as the other program I was using is refusing to upgrade to ios8."

I find this app to be very useful. It would be even better if it used 1Password extensions and TouchID.  Also needs to show investments not just cash accounts.

"I tried the app beginning of 2014, and it would cause recent transactions to lose their category. Tried the app again, and it still happens."

"I have been using Quicken 2014 and this app for about 4 months now and I love it. With the newest updates you can almost do anything from the app that you can do from the software. The passcode feature is great for security, but let's get it updated to Touch ID."

"Despite the many negative reviews, this is a solid companion app to Quicken desktop. I have had no problem with syncing between the two programs, and I like being able to input transactions on the go.In my view, the biggest necessary improvement right now is to the camera function. It's buggy and freezes often. It also needs a crop function -- receipts rarely match the aspect ratio of the camera, and I don't like to upload unnecessarily large files. Would also be nice if it saved the images as something other than ""testDocument.jpg"" but that's a minor thing...."

I like the interface well enough (although would prefer a faster way to categorize than scrolling through an a long of categories --  could I start typing and auto fill? Or have a side alphabet to quickly go to the tag). But the syncing is terrible. Items categorized in the app do not show up as categorized in the desktop version and vice versa. It doesn't even remember categories I've assigned within the app itself--I've saved the category for a transaction and when I check it a few days later it will show it as I categorized. The desktop version works as expected but there appears to be no communication btwn this app and the desktop version. And this one is buggy (it will pop up the saved dialogue box multiple times).

"Crashes all the time, doesn't allow me to add photos direct from the camera. Always tells me there is an issue with connecting to my bank. I have made sure everything is correct and the desk top version works so it's something with the app. As a person on the go love the idea but doesn't work like I hoped."

"For the first week, there was no problem, but all of a sudden my checking account doesn't even show up in the app. The app also crashed when using the camera for transaction receipts."

Where are the investment transactions?

"I did a lot of research before buying this. I had used Quicken on my Windows PC for around 10 years. The reviews of the Mac version scared me. Especially the ones in the Apple store. But when I researched it through Amazon, I got an entirely different story. This version is very doable. It is different, but each time I get on there and play around I find something new and better. I had zero problems putting my old files into the new one. The Apple store told me ahead of time what to do.  So, for those people whining and complaining, if this 60 year old woman, who is not that technically knowledgable can do it, anybody can. Give it a try. It's worth the money!"

This app actually works quite nicely and performs precisely as advertised. Very nicely done. There is some limited functionality as indicated in some of these reviews but this app will only continue to improve with time as most apps do. Intuit is a little late to the game (they even admit that) but they've obviously shown how dedicated they are with this first version. I've been reading these reviews and get the sense a lot of folks have just been waiting to pounce if this app didn't prove to be the holy grail. Download the app and don't look back. It simply works. Beautifully. Have a comment? Let them know. Be part of the community. Intuit is in it for the long haul and so am I.

"Ive been a Quicken for Mac customer since 1994. I couldnt wait for this feature to sync away from home. Unfortunately, this is not the answer. Synced inaccurately at the start, but now doesnt sync at all. Back to the drawing board."

"It shows me information and transactions on my bank and credit card accounts. It doesnt show anything related to investment accounts that I have in Quicken 2015 on the Mac.ALSO, when you turn on the sync with mobile in Quicken for Mac, it adds about 30 seconds to the sync time as it syncs 1000+ transactions with mobile (which I assume is the cloud). It does this EVERY TIME I sync from the desktop client. This is so I can view essentially a register on the iOS version. Which, of course, is only up to date with the desktop version, so if Im traveling, its not up to date.It seems marginally useful at best; given it only syncs a couple account types, its easier for me to just log onto my banks web sites to check credit card and banking balances. but at least it works, which for Intuit can sometimes be a feat in itself. Its got that going for it. Which is nice."

"I am so frustrated with Intuit. For reasons beyond comprehension, they are the only financial product out there that offers useful personal financial management software. In the Quicken program you can manually enter and categorize your transactions, you can download them from your bank and match them to the manually entered transactions. This is adequate. It lets me know what is cleared and what is still out standing. I wish there was company that did this, but there isn't. I bought 2013, because I believed that the app would sync to the Quicken cloud and I would be able to see the same information from my Quicken program on my phone and iPad. NOPE! I tried again in 2014, hoping it would work this time. NOPE! What is the point of this app!! I can already get my balances and transactions from my bank! I want to see my manually entered transactions and upcoming bills."

"9/8/14 update: Desktop version was recently updated to 2.0.3 but it still does NOT address the syncing failure between this app, the desktop app, and iCloud data. Please DO NOT buy the desktop app if its important for you to sync your data to your iPhone. Dozens of reviews here all concur that this app DOES NOT SYNC correctly and is a FAIL.------------I thought Id try against my better judgement this latest Intuit software so heres another on of those regrettable yet inevitable 1 star reviews for an Intuit product. Two of synced bank accounts continually disappear from my iPhone, so not very useful app. The desktop program seems to be working OK but not seeing any real benefit now over iBank (except that iBank seems to have abandoned any future updates to their iOS app). Avoid for now."

"Worked great for about two days. After that, no new transactions would show up after refreshing multiple times. Uninstalled and reinstalled twice as well as attempted to sign out and sign back in to see if that would make it catch up. As of now, the most recent transactions on this app are from two days ago. Since then I have had a direct deposit paycheck come in, gas for my truck, a grocery store trip, and an oil change, none of which are visible on Quicken, but are all cleared and posted to my bank's site."

"Still until now there is no support for multi currency for the iphone app, I have called like 8 months ago and called again 4 months ago yet I receive always the same answer... That they are working on it."

Recently app is changing transactions dated back to 2012 so I no longer use it.

"After to much time with support finally asked if there were bugs, they said yes a bug fest, dont waste your time."

"I bought this application for my iPad believing that I could download transactions onto the iPad and then sync it with your iMac afterwards. You can't.  Unless I'm missing something, you can only sync your iPad with downloads from your iMac."

"Intuit, look at your rating! I have two major cash flow account that are not showing up here! Neither are my investment accounts. What exactly is the purpose of this useless app? Been using quicken for 10 years. This is it...final straw...switching to a different program... Goodbye Quicken"

I don't think they could've made this app anymore worthless.  It's all about analyzing your finances. Who wants to do that on a mobile device? I would just like to be able to see a register in a sensible format!

"Quicken mobile is nothing but a desaster. It's slow, buggy and doesn't connect to half of the institutions I do business with. Intuit's craftmanship and quality control is a shame."

"I've used Quicken for years for my small business checking account I've had some hiccups here and there but overall is has worked decently.  With the app it started off working fairly good I've used it across my desk top, iPad and iPhone so far no major problems but I do have one small frustration.  I don't know if this is a feature flaw or just a part of the app but I cannot see the check numbers on my iPad or iPhone it is there on my desktop version but nowhere else. I might be one of the few; but if this feature is repaired or included I will give this app a 4 1/2 or five stars."

"This app has huge sync issues. Intuit needs to activate a simple wifi sync as iBank for Mac has! It's perfect and Intuit could learn a lot. I actually question security and privacy using their dis functional server sync. Outside of the sync and security issues, the layout of the app is horrible. The 2 icons/buttons in the bottom right corner are too close together and too small. Nothing in the app is where it should be and too much clicking. Mobile entry should be fast and easy! It's not. It's fine to check account balance, but that is about it. I recommend Intuit look at the competition out there! There USA much better way!!!  So... Can we get a new app?"

"So tell me how the same company can create two apps that look EXACTLY the same, charge for one and it not work and give the other away and it always work? All I want is to sync my accounts."

"I wasted over an hour downloading this app and then setting up my mobile app settings in my desktop Quicken.  Guess what, after all that, it will not sync.  This is a useless app.  Don't waste your time with it."

"Out of six(6) accounts only four(4) match the balances on my iMac. The two(2) that do not match are both over $11.7K.  I spent over 45 minutes with quickens on line support and still could not get the problem resolved. The suggestions that they made, signing out of the mobile app, refreshing the Cloud, signing back into the mobile app did not work to fix the problem.  I had already tried what they suggested several times before I contacted their support.  This app does me no good if the balances do not match."

This is a great idea but it's too buggy to be useful at this point. The app randomly drops accounts and/or transactions every time I update the Mac version. The only way to fix it is to reset the cloud data. I hope they work out the bugs. I like the ability to see my banking info on all my devices.

"I have been waiting for Intuit to finally get with the times and offer a mobile app for mac but this is not what I expected from this company. I have several checking and savings accounts and only some of them sync and even then it is not all of the transactions. I can't even get the account I use the most to show up on the app. I've reset the data via the program and reinstalled the app on the phone. Still junk. Could not get ahold of anyone in customer service when I tried, guessing they are quite busy after this latest release."

I look forward to doing business with professionals such as Intuit provides. Bob J Hoff 083014

"I downloaded Quicken 2015 for Mac on Sat after using Quicken Essentials for several years - had been using Quicken since the DOS days.  The mobile app has been working for w/o problems - maybe with the exception of of the photo option. I can see the receipt of on my iPhone, haven't seen it on my Mac, but maybe I'm overthinking it.  Every time I've used the app, it syncs to my iPad and my Mac.  I'm pleased with the app so far and am glad it's finally out.  May increase my rating to 5 stars after using it for awhile."

"I like the ability to enter transactions on the road and sync them back to my PC, but most of the time the app locks up if I try to capture a photo of the receipt from within the app. I have to use the native Camera app to snap the photo, then add it from the camera roll when entering the transaction. The budget sync also needs work. If I try to sync the budgets, months with zero budgets somehow get new figures, and I have to remove them from the PC application.  The workaround here is to turn off the budget syncing from within the PC application. This is very annoying as it prevents budget tracking from the mobile app. It's a good concept but buggy, so be ready for workarounds."

Credit fraud necessitated closing a credit card account and issueing a new number. The app won't update the account list for the new account and keeps posting the the account that is closed in Quicken.

For some reason mobile app stopped excepting password.  Tried changing still wont except.  No customer service return email.  Dont bother downloading   Only excepted password for a few weeks

Sad since last update.  Been using Quicken for over 10 years and now it does not work on my IPAD since the last update.  Really disappointed.

"My iPad, iPhone, and computer all show different balances. I continually sync my desktop version and the data is not correctly transferring on my phone or iPad.  This essentially makes the app useless. Hopefully this is fixed in the future because I see a lot of potential. Until then 1 star is the most I can give."

"Still having problems with the Balance. The balance is different from the computer software. After syncing several times the balance changes in the app. I have to use YNAB, which has been reliable to make sure my account is correct. Even after resetting the cloud file still no luck!!! Thinking about going back to YNAB."

More problems than I care to try and work through.  I'm gong to give it a couple of months and hope they fix it.

"I have even waiting years for this app. I use quicken for Mac, have for years. The only thing it was lacking was the app for iPhone and iPad that synced with Mac not just windows. I love it. Works amazing!! So happy."

"I had Quicken on a Palm Treo years ago and loved the way the app synced with my desktop version. However, this is really poorly written. Aside from the errors, it will not sync with Wells Fargo. And if you follow the instructions to sign on with Wells Fargo again per the Quicken Community site, it deletes any other accounts at other institutions. Ive deleted this app. Too bad as Id love to be able to sync from my phone to my laptop."

Can't find one redeeming quality to this app.  Consider something else!

"Just downloaded the new 2015 program for Mac. It seems to be working pretty well. I like the simpler interface. This app, however, is extremely frustrating. Like others have said, two of my accounts, the same two, continually disappear. When they do reappear, only part of the transactions are updated. I did a chat with their support on two different occasions, and it was utterly pathetic. I'm a little bit surprised that a company as big as Intuit would put an app out that is clearly not ready, and then have such horrific tech-support. Essentially, for me at least, the app is useless."

"in order for this app to work one must enable mobile sync from the desktop application. now, for some reason this app doesn't pull that data. instead this app goes to all your financial institutions and pulls the data a second time-- only it doesn't. I have found it works with only half my accounts. the other half time out or give me a passwd error."

"I was hoping this update would allow me to actually use this on my phone or iPad, since the previous didn't work. No such luck when I open up the app and the quicken logo is jumping up and down  and keyboard doesn't work. So I close it and try again no more jumping logo but keyboard doesn't work. I give it zero stars if I could.Don't  waste your time downloading this app. Come on quicken lets get your act together, the program is great so now let's the app to be the same."

I can log into my Quicken account however it just tells me You havent added any accounts when I have already added many accounts in the desktop app.  I have tried resetting the cloud data and syncing again with no luck.  Without sync the app is useless.

"Come on Intuit, how can you NOT include investments in this app?! Ridiculous."

"Latest release improves a lot about the app, making it usable for my needs. After a reboot photo uploads mostly work. A viable product at last! Things I would like to see now:- Ability to select photo resolution for upload. I probably don't need every megapixel for my receipt.- Ability for photos to go directly to the app without winding up on my camera roll.- A better ""use photo"" button after an attachment photo has been taken. Too often it's impossible to hit.- Ability to store transactions locally until next sync if entered while offline.Ability to see running totals of account balances. (After this transaction $50, then after the next $70, etc)"

"Come on Intuit, how can you NOT include investments in this app?! Ridiculous."

"Is this app not just Mint.com repurposed into an app and called Quicken 2014/2015?? Clearly they're trying a strategy where they can distribute their services as broadly as possible, all the while disregarding the overarching UX. Anyways. Garbage."

"I know Quicken 2015 for Mac and this app are works in process; so, I wont lose hope just yet. Adding investment data syncing seems like an obvious necessity. Hopefully, its in the pipeline."

I just got quicken 2015 for the mac from the mac app store. So far this app is handy and works great. Although not all the categories for the items is marked on the mac app come across to this app but that's ok as it's best to do it on the mac. I found a great way to batch categorize items on the mac app. Just select a bunch of them and then do edit>get info and then categorize it and it will add that category for all of the selected ones.

Hangs up on login screen useless app. Maybe they'll get it right next year.

"So what a waste of loner buying the PC version earlier this year, still regretting that decision. Oh they updated them mobile app, maybe it works now. Nope, can't login manually, doesn't pass the login from the desktop app, and well deleting it again and moving one. Using the Mint app & website full time since late January. Hope they don't break that now, smh."

Great app but please add PDF Support.

"Terrible budgeting; no invoicing.  Its better than the dreck it was, but BOY its still nothing compared to windows."

App is ok if you use it with Quicken for Windows.  Both Quicken for Mac 2015 and Quicken Essentials are horrible products.  How hard is it for Intuit to take the Quicken Windows version and make the same thing for Mac?  They are clueless.

"This mobile app is surely not ready yet for prime time release to general public in my opinion.  None of my investment accounts show up on this mobile app when syncing from Quicken 2015 for Mac.  I have just been told directly from intuit that this app only supports banking and not investment accounts, what a major disappointment !!"

"upgraded my quicken essentials file and that seems to have gone well enough. the real frustration is with the mobile apps. i can get it working for the most part but, like other reviewers, i subsequently have accounts go missing in the mobile app. the promise of this all working seamlessly is engaging but at this point its still just potential."

Numerous problems; clunky design.  Balances do not match those on computer.  But the Mac version is a big improvement/upgrade over the old Essentials version.  Am optimistic Intuit will eventually work out all the iOS bugs.  Keep sending them feedback to the Help Desk (can be done from within the iOS app).

The latest upgrade does not work on the iPad. It hangs up on the log in screen and never let's you into the App. It does work on the iPhone 4s.

It's not working! Can't log in! Pls fix ASAP for goodness sake!!!!!!! Do you not even bother to test these apps before releasing them? Seriously????

"I thought Id try against my better judgement this latest Intuit software so heres another on of those regrettable yet inevitable 1 star reviews for an Intuit product. Two of synced bank accounts continually disappear from my iPhone, so not very useful app. The desktop program seems to be working OK but not seeing any real benefit now over iBank (except that iBank seems to have abandoned any future updates to their iOS app). Avoid for now."

I would like to be able to see upcoming bills and deposits within the app but other than that works great.

"Very good app in principle but needs work. Not always in sync with computer program. ""Cleared"" items are bold but are not dark enough to differ from ""uncleared"" items. Need to either be darker or differ in color. Deposits are green, cleared items black. Make uncleared items red. Simple solve."

"Update:With the latest update it doesn't even login anymore. Just hangs at the login screen. Piece of crap this is. Terrible developers. Update: after the recent update I thought they would have fixed the most basic function taking a picture of a receipt. Nope, still hangs after taking a picture. Can't press Use Photo or Retake. Just need to close the app and forceably close it. It's like they don't read these reviews or they don't care.Original Review:It crashes on scanning a receipt.I hate companies who don't even test the basic functionality before releasing software. Apple should penalize them for wasting users time.I have a 4S. If I disable the app from using location and try to scan a receipt the camera just hangs. Cancel, retake, use photo button nothing works. You're screwed. Close the app.If you enable the location services, press cancel or use photo the app crashes.Absolutely USELESS app. The most basic functionality for scanning receipts does not work. Pathetic, almost sure they don't even read the feedback."

"Poor quality control and response to a major app feature - I started using the receipt capture functionality and the same day, encountered the bug where the 2nd picture freezes the app.  I did a quick search on the internet and noticed it was reported 10 months ago.  For this major feature bug to still be in the current version of the app is a poor statement on Intuits management of their software development department, especially their QA function."

This app is useless and is even worse without a full functioning Mac Software.

This app is not syncing properly.Quicken support is useless.I am thinking about switching to mint.One more thing... The ballances are never correct!!!

Entering transactions on phone allows me to eliminate getting a receipt and keeps me up to date on what I have charged.  Some things needed...App buggy (suddenly crashes during transaction posting or requires me to sign in and it hangs on signing in...  This requires me to delete and reinstall).I would like to be able to switch between more than one Quicken Online account (shared with girlfriend).Bill reminders would be handy.It doesn't allow transaction transfers between accounts.

"This app worked great for awhile and I found it very useful. However,  after a couple of months it would no longer sink and is completely useless."

"This app was great for a time. I didn't need it for anything complicated. I just wanted to keep track of my spending, especially when I wasn't getting receipts for items. While I was on vacation, the few accounts I had synced were accurate which helped me know how much I had to spend. I just wish my bank didn't charge a monthly fee for allowing me to sync. HOWEVER, some time in the past week, this app has completely stopped working. First, it logged me out. Now it won't allow me to log back in. I checked with my desktop version to confirm I had the correct Intuit ID and password, so it's not an issue with that. I can still update my desktop software accurately, so it's not the cloud either. Something in this app has broken, and I wouldn't recommend anyone download it until it's fixed."

The promised features got me to upgrade to Quicken 2014 at considerable $s. The features don't work and in fact on some things using this will actually overwrite or blank out data downloaded from your bank/credit card company.  I have tried telling this to Intuit but of course they deny it even though I told them if I turn it on I have the problem and turn it off and problem goes away.  But heck what do they care they already have my $s.  I am retired from computer work at a Fortune 50 company I know a little about computers and programming (sarcasm read that as a lot ).  Don't waste your money and don't get your hopes up just more Smoke and Mirrors from Intuit.

I like being able to correct categorizations etc. using my iPhone. Especially because Quicken resides on a computer usually in my spouses' office. But after 3 or 4 corrections it seems to slow down in doing the update. A lot of the swirling data sync symbol. Some re-engineering seems in order.

"I am satisfied with the Quicken 2014 app. It is very simple and easy to use. It is not intended to be a smaller version of the computer software; it is an extension of it. It helps keep me on track when I am out and about. Plus, it saves time for me later. After I make a deposit or payment when I'm running errands, I enter into the app. I can stay on track because I can always see my real time budget. When I open Quicken on my computer, it syncs with the app and is instantly updated. So simple."

Does not do what it claims it should be able to do. Just deleted it off if my phone. I hope they are working on something that will work soon!!!

"I only ""upgraded"" to quicken 2014 for the mobile app to snap pictures of receipts. I snap a picture and the app completely freezes. I can't press ""use photo""."

Quicken Mobile Ending Balance Doesn't Match Quicken Desktop Ending Balance. Please fix issue.

This app DOES NOT WORK AT ALL! Very disappointing!

"Up until two weeks ago, this app did it's job excellently. However, now it will no longer connect to my bank account and check for new transactions. My quicken desktop has no problems connecting, but the mobile version will not. This makes this app utterly useless unless you have access to your desktop all day."

"When I try to snap a photo of a receipt, it won't let me accept photo."

"I keep quite complete spending records in Q14, so when I traveled in the past I would end a trip with dozens of receipts to enter when I returned home. No more. Whenever I have wifi or cell connectivity, it is done on the fly. A big app improvement would be to store transactions until the next connection."

Remarkalby lacking in features. Serious issues with signing in.

"Once you get used to it, the online app is great.....but it lacks the thing that makes Quicken great...running balance against each entry in all accounts....that makes forecasting cash flow a dream ...... It is not difficult .. It is a small change in the listing, ..just not on the listing. How about getting to this then we all can use it happily when we are away from our computers"

"I'm a long time Quicken advocate and like the idea of even a close approximation of accounts on my mobile. However, the app now just locks up my iPhone 5 upon login every time so it's worthless."

Waste of time

Constant freezing of app when trying to log in. Nice when it works.

"The latest version of this app, as of the middle of July 2014, has sign-in issues.  Users can get an endless sign-in status and never actually get into the application. Intuit is clearly not putting resources against this app.  This app should be a key selling point for Quicken if it worked.  Quicken has not caught on that people are doing more money management on their phones and less on their desktops."

Sync works with all accounts except Wells Fargo. Totally unacceptable.

When it did work it didn't do much. Then at some point I was no longer able to sign in. It just sits and hangs with the signing in dialog. I went through the steps suggested on the intuit web site and nothing helped. Finally deleted the app.

.........................still signing in...............uh yeah............

Photo receipt constantly locks up. I really need to find and alternative to Quicken. Constantly disappointed by them.

"The most basic and helpful of data, and you guys don't list check numbers, or-more importantly-give us the ability to put in a check's check number is that it shows up in desktop Quicken when we sync? If you were a car manufacturer, would you purposefully omit a speedometer?  C'mon."

I use Quicken for many years used to be a really good product last year so it's just junk. This app stopped working with the last update I can't login anymore I can't even access the app. Junk!

"On my iPad, I have to delete the app and re-download it every time I want to log in.The app is useless if one can't log in."

Pathetic. Constant issues trying to login after the first time. Have to uninstall and reinstall. I'm only going to do one of those - guess which one?

"App seems very limited. Locks up every time I take a picture of a receipt!  Unable to denote Debit, Credit, Withdrawal or any other transaction type other than a check number. You also can't transfer funds from one account to another!  Have you even tried to make contact with Intuit?  Good luck with that........."

App was handy until it refused sign in attempts. Now it is worse than useless.

"Probably worth checking if your bank supports the mobile app before spending a lot of time trying to do set up.  I didn't, and wasted a lot of time.  Can't even log in -- which may be more an indication it's time to change banks, than anything else.Will raise the rating if I eventually can even use the app."

"I followed the directions for syncing, however I continually get an error message.  No one to help.  I've finally quit and delated this app."

"The app would no longer let me log in on 2 of my devices.  I first thought it was their server,  but after 5 days I tried deleting and reinstalling. That got it working again. Buggy software.  Too coincidental that but devices could not log in"

"New update again dropped all login information, and now cannot even sign in at all. As for all Quicken 2014 products, Intuit has sunk to a new low. There are serious bugs in the desktop version that Intuit has known about for 6 months but refuses to do anything about, and they continue to ignore basic programming protocols for their Apps. It's probably time to abandon all Intuit products.See below - but now it's even worse. Login info was dropped, and can't sign in. Intuit has really hit bottom with this one. (4/14)I use this app solely to track cash expenditures as I don't trust sending other account info. For that purpose the 2013 version worked ok in spite of being rather slow. But the upgrade to 2014 really stinks. The update didn't preserve login info, and it is proving impossible to sign in with the credentials that the app requests. Have followed web site instructions to enable login - they don't work. Would not recommend this joke of an app to anyone at this point."

"I bought Quicken 14 with the hope that it would sync my Quicken 14 with the mobile Quicken 14 app. I assumed this meant that I would be able to see my bills that were due, be able to see what checks or transactions I had entered hadn't cleared yet. Nope - it syncs with my bank account. It shows me what my bank balances are and what has cleared. MY BANK ALREADY DOES THAT!!! and from that app I can pay bills and make deposits. Quicken really has an opportunity here, but they just don't get it."

The mobile cloud/ app service continues to be very unreliable. Seems I have uninstall it about every 2-3 months as I can't log in and I can't log into my bank via the app. What an awful cloud service. FIX IT!

"The good - you can take a photo of your receipt and add it to a new transaction. The bad - Would be nice if Quicken would crop the receipt and NOT put it in my photo folder. Would be nice to create an invoice from the app. Would be nice if I could add category/tag in app. Would be nice if I could see my bills I have due. Would be nice if the cloud portion downloaded before the bank portion, as to keep the transaction with the photo of the receipt. Very underwhelmed with this app. I expected much better when coming over from Windows Phone."

"Limited but not bad. I was surprised to find that in entering check transactions in the mobile app, check numbers were not supported. I had to add a memo so I could update the desktop app later. You can do split categories, memo, tags.....why not check numbers?  Charge accounts and cash accounts work fine, just give me check numbers and I can use it fairly well."

This app is not syncing properly.Quicken support is useless.I am thinking about switching to mint.

"The app began to crash a while ago, just deleted and reloaded and it still crashes when I try to start it (ver 5.0)"

Worthless if I can't sign in to it.

"Taking a photo of your receipt is a great feature, but doing so will crash the app more often than not.  This is really a beta product at present - use with care."

"After writing a long negative review, I was bounced out because the knick-name was already taken! Summary - Don't try to activate the mobile app. It will mess with your balance and it will no longer reconcile. This is a terrible app and a misrepresentation."

"The more I use this app, the more I love it! I, too, am a longtime user of Quicken. I uploaded my desktop app just so I could download and start using this mobile app.Obviously, it would be even more excellent if you could simply take a pic of a receipt and using OCR it automatically converted it to a transaction that you could then upload. But, hey, manually entering it is fine for me. I can deal with that and really don't use the app for entering new transactions anyway.What I love about it is being able to see my spending and budget by category. VERY glad I upgraded!"

"The app works okay for me regarding basic account syncing and balance availability. However I would love it much more if the image capture was more than just a picture. Please consider embedding some image processing to automatically crop, contrast enhance and capture images such as receipts. A good example of how to so this is in the iOS app DocScanner"

"So far I have only found this app useful to immediately enter new transactions into quicken while I am out and to view transactions, but that is about it.  I am very frustrated by the fact that the only balance it shows is my bank's current balance. So if I want to know how much money I really have, I have to manually add the uncleared transactions on my own and then subtract them from my bank balance. I also find it absurd that once I enter a transaction, I am unable to edit the amount. Two other problems: It indicates that I have no budget even though I did set one up in Quicken and it gives me an error message every time I try to download info from one of my accounts. I am not impressed."

"This app does me no good if I can't log in, please fix the log in problem that myself and half the other people who wrote reviews spoke of. You certainly can do better than this."

"I'm disappointed with this Quicken App. If I don't use it frequently it stops syncing. I then need to delete the app and reinstall. For all the comments made here, and an average rating of one star, the developers have not come out with an update since Jan. 2014 even to fix issues like mine. Many reviewers have made several requests of the app which are not far fetched, and yet the developers have not responded. I think this is the best we're going to get out of quicken 14. I had higher hopes for this app. I used to have MS ""Money"", and used an awesome application for my Palm which synced with my desktop ""Money"". When I finally moved to Quicken, my hopes for a similar app for my iPad were quickly dashed."

"I do not understand why the developers of this app find it necessary to sync my desktop quicken, my bank accounts with their quicken cloud. This sync has caused me out of balance conditions so many times now i just took it off and deleted the quicken cloud. If you call for support it goes to a call center overseas and that ends up being a big JOKE!I simply want would like for the quicken app to sync with my desktop quicken software and nothing more. I will sync my desktop software with my bank and not quicken cloud. If you use  this app for anything beside that be careful how and in what order you update your desktop software with the quicken cloud and with your phone or tablet. There are problems that has been around since Quicken 2013 and apparently Intuit has no interest in fixing. Use at your own risk."

Locks on signing in . I have to delete app and reinstall. One photo worked then second one froze. Needs more work . Needs split category entry.

"Signing in becomes problematic every couple months and I have to uninstall the app from my phone and reinstall. Annoying.Other than that, I use this every day and it has helped to keep me on track!"

Worked for 2 months.  Suddenly can't log in

"1st problem, it doesn't reflect my desktop register balance. In addition, it duplicates my transactions which I entered manually. Very poor software app. I wish I had gone with a different software now."

"It's nice for people who want to add transactions from their phone and such. No point on that for me because I download transactions and balance my accounts on my desktop.  If I need my balance, I just check my bank's website. What else does this app do?It be REALLY nice if I could keep up with bill reminders. That's what it's missing. Since it works and people like it, 2 stars. Otherwise, completely useless for me."

"This app opens, logs in, and works fine on my iPhone 4s, however my iPad mini retina gets stuck at the log in screen and never proceeds. That's a pretty major eff-up wouldn't you say?"

Without bill reminders there is little value to this app. Please Add!!!

When it works it is a pretty convenient app up track your accounts and banking.  However every so often it locks up and you must delete it on the phone as well as on the computer and reinstall. Not a huge time problem but annoying.

"Please fix this, Intuit.  It affects about 40% of my logins and makes this app useless."

"Two tries at email help produced irrelevant replies. Obviously no human response, only machine reading for possible ways to get it wrong. Can't defeat automated Alerts and Advice. They are insulting to my intelligence and useless."

Always has problems with cloud sync then breaks sync on desktop very defective

"I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews. The Quicken software along with this app is far better than anything else on the market. I'm a new Quicken Premier 2014 user. I really like the receipt capture, it works very good. You can access the photo of the receipt on your smart phone, tablet, or desktop. You can't ask for much better. My only two complaints/recommendations is it would be nice if the receipt capture would extract the data from the receipt such as the payee and the amount, right now we have to manually enter that. The other thing is it would be nice to view my investment accounts I have in Premier in the mobile app. I'm sure they will be coming with these features soon."

"I expect better then what it current is. It's basic in the sense of seeing the in's and out's of your account but when it comes to details is where it fails.  You cannot delete a transaction already in your register, you cannot edit a dollar amount once in your register, and you cannot see how a transaction was done (i.e. Check, cash, credit, etc) these are just a few hindrances I have found so far.  Hopefully there are upgrades coming soon"

"Does nothing to help your finances. Oh, but wait, you can take pictures of your receipts. I'd expect more from one of the biggest financial software companies."

"The only reason I got Quicken 2014 was to do receipt capture with this mobile app. But the app fails repeatedly. If network connectivity is poor it will not let you attach a receipt image, nor will it store it for you and upload it later. It asks you to revisit the data record and upload later, but when you try, it crashes. This should be very simple: cache the receipt image data and upload it when possible. Shoeboxed has a much much better implementation of receipt capture. Quicken, you can do better. Please fix this."

App is very basic. Provides overall look at finances. Lately it is not allowing a log in.

"I am a long time user of Quicken. This app is the buggiest, least user-friendly piece of software they have released. I think they just want to say ""we have a mobile solution"", but it is in fact very awkward and frustrating. You often have to unlink, and then relink, your accounts for it to work. It loses it's settings.  When you need it, away from home, it refuses to work until you screw around with the settings again, perhaps deleting your data to again reset your account.  But you are nowhere close to home, so this is impossible.  Not happy with this crappy app Intuit. C- effort at best."

I've been using Quicken for more years then I can remember.  This app is useless. I've had problems including not being able to download some accounts and missing and/or incorrect amounts.

Crashes every time. Restarted my phone. Deleted app and reinstalled several times. Nuttin works

No idea if it's great or not... Downloaded to find its PC compatible onlyI use quicken mac....nice product This should say prior to download ...PC ONLY

I just downloaded the desktop software this weekend and was thrilled that they had an iPhone app. However after multiple attempts to login I'm still unable to do so. I have the desktop version set up but if I cannot access via the iPhone app it makes the ability to update in real time non existent. If I'm unable to use the iPhone app then it's all the more reason to return my purchase of the primary software. I give it one star because I've yet to use it on my phone! Best personal financial software my ___.

"Absolutely worthless!  Don't waste your time downloading.  Lots of fluff, some fancy graphics, and a few meaningless ""alerts"", but no substance to this app."

This app used to work ok but suddenly I can't sign in. It's been like this for a couple months. I am trashing it.

Needs a running total on account balances. The reason I use this app is to have an idea what my account balances are at any given moment. I really don't care about the online balances. The checking/savings register needs to be just like the PC version.

"Won't log into one of my financial institutions.  Frustrating, but unfortunately seems to be the direction in which Intuit is going."

"This application has been very useful. I don't know why there are such negative reviews but I suspect it's probably Intuit's competitors. The synchronization with the desktop version in the cloud has been flawless. Very well done, Intuit!"

I've been doing Quicken for 14 years. This app is great for budgeting. Able to download your transactions in real time and categorize them on your phone. I used to do this every six weeks on my PC and would forget which categories my money belong to. With this app I can do it every day and it syncs to my computer. It also tells me how much money I have left in the month to spend itemized by category. Don't understand the negative reviews. This app I expect will only get better and better. Go Dave Ramsey!!!

"I bought the upgraded version of the software specifically so I could use the app to track my bills, but apparently the bills arent accessible?  All I have is the account info which I have access to through other means...Is there any intention of adding the bills to the app?  If not, this was a waste for my purposes."

I have used Quicken PC for 20+ years. I still haven't found anything better. I have a love/hate relationship with the PC version. This companion app is worthless to me since doesn't sync the investment accounts.  If you a pretty little graph of your spending habits it can fit that role I guess but if you really want to do something useful forget it.

Useless without the running balance info. Annoyed that I upgraded so I could have this mobile app.

Needs a running total on account balances. The reason I use this app is to have an idea what my account balances are at any given moment. I really don't care about the online balances. The checking/savings register needs to be just like the PC version.

"Tim and others are correct. What's the fuss???!!! This app is excellent. You can download ANY account to Quicken including credit cards. Then from your IPhone(Quicken PC), you enter a transaction in these accounts as soon as u get your receipt( even take a photo if you wish). Then when u do a 'cloud sync' on your PC, those transactions from the iPhone will be loaded back to respective accounts on your PC and marked as not cleared yet. The next time you go to Online Center and download from your accounts, you can MATCH these transactions and they will get cleared. That is wonderful. No manual input from my statements anymore like I used to do, trying to remember what I got at some store, etc. By entering the information as soon as you get your receipts, you can easily enter the category and memo also. You can even split all transactions on the IPhone and 'Cloud Sync' them. It took a while for me to set up( reconcile) my accounts, but it works great!"

"This app has been inconsistent when using the camera to take pictures of my receipts, which is the main reason I use the phone app. When I take pictures of my receipts the app often freezes and does not respond. Then I have to delete the app and re-download it to get it working again...Please fix this bug!!!"

"I have been using the app for several months and haven't had a single problem with it. I really like it. If I could enter splits at the time I enter the transaction, I would have given it 5 stars."

Wasted an hour tonight entering and revenge ring financial institution credentials and continued to get error messages that user name and password was incorrect - which they are not. I'm a long time Quicken user and recently upgraded to 2014. Intuit's brand equity is shrinking by the minute.

"Great for entering receipts and transactions as they happen, but not very helpful to know balances without knowing upcoming bills/deposits to subtract/add from the balances. Wish it showed as the desktop version. Disappointed..."

"Today 2/9 the app will not initialize, deleted and downloaded again. The app initialized although when I try to sign in it defaults back to the iPad home screen. I have attempted deleting and re-downloading app several times with no success. I cannot sign in.2/27 Still unable to log in with ipad1, worked with quicken support, no success. Quicken sign in selection reverts back to home screen. Quicken mobile 2013 gets further along and allows me to visit additional pages, never jumps back to home screen.2/28 Visited apple store, they did a complete reset of my Ipad1, downloaded mobile2014 AGAIN with no success, app reverts back to home screen when ""sign in"" selected.Tried a mini while I was there and it operates normal. I would have tried a ipad1, although none was available. Patiently waiting!!!!!!!!ps, iphone4, and ipad4 works as well.3/8 Received another email reply from Quicken support, they wanted for me to do another sync and send log files. I replied back to them that this is not the problem. The problem is the mobile application CRASHES when selecting the ""sign in"" option.Crashes, Crashes, Crashes on Ipad1,  iOS 5.1.1.  Other devices I ve tried work other than 5.1.1 on ipad1.How many of you readers are having Crashes on mobile app??Please report so Quicken may understand the problem to address.4/10 It's been two months now, app still crashes, I've tried many different options on my IPAD 1 in attempt to solve, nothing has worked.  I did try turning off both wifi and 3G to further isolate where the problem lies. It made no difference so problem is internal. 2014 app still crashes. 2013 mobile DOES NOT  crash. It tells me the mobile 2014 is not compatible with my I PAD 1. And to reiterate the app did work for about two weeks before 2/9.5/2 Application still crashes 100 % of the time on IPAD1."

"It crashes on scanning a receipt.I hate companies who don't even test the basic functionality before releasing software. Apple should penalize them for wasting users time.I have a 4S. If I disable the app from using location and try to scan a receipt the camera just hangs. Cancel, retake, use photo button nothing works. You're screwed. Close the app.If you enable the location services, press cancel or use photo the app crashes.Absolutely USELESS app. The most basic functionality for scanning receipts does not work. Pathetic, almost sure they don't even read the feedback."

Debits when it should credit.  Balances are differing from desktop.   Downloads don't sync properly.   Doesn't recognize accounts.   Much more trouble than it's worth.

One major thing that throws me for a loop: why have this on an app store for an OS that is not supported?  Windows.really???  Ive run Quicken for windows (when I had a PC) and loved it.  It may be great for those running windows or VM flavors on top of Apples OS but your average joe isnt going to do that.  Why?  More layers of complexity (dont get me wrongnot that hard to do) but it should be an easy out of the box solution by Intuitespecially when they have a Quicken Essentials for Mac.Why is there not the same sync ability for Windows?  All the branding & posting that one can use the app but have to be running the windows version to do so.  This seems like a rushed bastardized deployment for something thats still not fully baked.  Sad.

"This app has serious problems with ""multi-tasking"". The issues I've discovered are with transactions that involve online banking accounts. Unlike Quicken for PC, the app will not match some transactions when download from Bank. The entry will appear twice, the manual entry and the downloaded. It seems to have issues with split transactions across accounts that involve transfers, direct deposits etc. Until the transactions are officially cleared in Quicken and synced, does the app get it right. It does seem to get right accounts that are all manual, no online banking downloads.  THE BIGGEST ISSUE is with trying to figure out the current balance. FORGET IT. PLEASE, present the balance in a running balance format so that I can see how this number came about. With the issues described above, I have no idea how this balance at the top of screen was calculated.   The only reliable feature is to input transactions on the go thru app. This will get them into Quicken immediatly. I don't have to worry about receipts getting lost, etc. For this reason, I will keep the app and consider it a supplement to Quicken, not a moble version."

Its OK explains it completely. It works great for a mobil checkbook type application. I do think there should be an ability to edit an entered transactions dollar amount. Other then that 'Its OK'

"Intuit states that Quicken 2014 app syncs to Quicken desktop. It does not as far as I can tell. It doesn't capture data from Quicken cloud either. It seems to pull data directly from my accounts. There is the rub. My bank, even with Direct Connect, will not sync with the app beyond the first time. After some 'research', I find that many people have the same problem with banks, probably due to the bank authentication process, and that 'maybe' a fix is forthcoming. Am I missing something where the Quicken app can sync directly with the desktop?  I've searched the Web for this info and came up with nothing.   If not, then this app is worthless."

"I would like to see an option that would allow me to view ending balance rather than current balance.  The app version doesn't have all the tools as the desktop version but it has enough for you to plug in daily transactions that will sync to your desktop.I had to get used to the sync flow but now that I understand, I feel good about it.  I like to punch in daily transactions on my phone and then add details and splits once I get back to the office.  I've been waiting a while for this software and I'm sure it will improve.  So far so good."

"Love the interface, especially when reviewing finances and budget with my wife. Have no issues with syncing. Bottom line... Love it. Finally a useful Quicken App. And yes, I was a user of pocket quicken on my Cassiopeia back in the day :-)"

"The ONLY positive with this app is you can enter a new transaction on your mobile device, and it will sync to your desktop. Aside from that, the app ending balances are incorrect, you can't see upcoming bills, and the coloring coding that is used hardly differentiates from cleared vs reconciled transactions. This is a shoddy attempt at adding an app to sell newer versions of Quicken."

A great app if I could use it for more than one day without it crashing every time I snap a picture of a receipt. Did Obama care build this app?

"Tracked all expenses for family of 5 since '89. This app vastly simplifies that process. No more losing receipts. I snap a pic of receipt and bang, when I get home, transaction is there to modify details. Searchable. Overall, very well done Intuit. We've been waiting forever for you to roll this out. Now it's here. Wonderful."

"I was a little concerned about the functionality of this app, based on some of the negative reviews. It was a little tricky getting into this app, but that was more me than the app. Went thru the instructions, which makes all the difference in the world. I just love this app! I'm a happy camper, and it has met my expectations.Update:I've had a few days with this app. It has motivated me to get my Quicken accounts up to par. I've got the sync'ing established. The results are fantastic. My advice...if you're having problems with the data output, you need to get your data in order. I'm actually getting meaningful output!"

"I like the ability to enter transactions on the road and sync them back to my PC, but most of the time the app locks up if I try to capture a photo of the receipt from within the app. I have to use the native Camera app to snap the photo, then add it from the camera roll when entering the transaction. The budget sync also needs work. If I try to sync the budgets, months with zero budgets somehow get new figures, and I have to remove them from the PC application.  The workaround here is to turn off the budget syncing from within the PC application. This is very annoying as it prevents budget tracking from the mobile app. It's a good concept but buggy, so be ready for workarounds."

"Sync is not accurate, defeats the entire purpose of having this app."

"I was a little concerned about the functionality of this app, based on some of the negative reviews. It was a little tricky getting into this app, but that was more me than the app. Went thru the instructions, which makes all the difference in the world. I just love this app! I'm a happy camper, and it has met my expectations."

I bought Quicken Deluxe just for the ability to use this app to track my personal finances and cannot get it to work at all. The tech support for problem solving  has been useless.  I feel like I was duped into buying a faulty product that is useless and was not ready for the market.

Did not work one single time. Did not open at all. I expected more from Quicken.

"Potential is there, but app lacks reliability.  Totals do not match those on PC.  Fails to sync with cc accounts.  Pretty pictures,  nothing to analyze.  Looking forward to needed revisions."

"I have yet to open this Quicken 2014 app on my ipod touch since it keeps crashing everytime I initiate the app. And I do have Quicken 2014 on my PC. When I had Quicken 2013 on my PC and Quicken 2013 app, I had no issues logging in and syncing. Now with Quicken 2014 it won't even open. Ugh..........! Please fix."

"I mainly upgraded to Q14 and downloaded this app so I could take pictures and store receipts electronically. It lets me take the picture, but when I select Use Photo it just freezes on the picture of the receipt I took. Nothing happens even after 5 minutes.  Sometimes a little icon of a lightning bolt shows up at the bottom of the image, but not clear what that means. Is it uploading?  I checked the Quicken Mobile support web site and there was no mention of this problem.Please Fix!!"

"It would be nice if it worked.  Does not sync with Bank of America even though the desk app does.When checking online, I discovered that others have complained of the same issue not only with B of A but also with other banks!"

"Today 2/9 the app will not initialize, deleted and downloaded again. The app initialized although when I try to sign in it defaults back to the iPad home screen. I have attempted deleting and re-downloading app several times with no success. I cannot sign in.2/27 Still unable to log in with ipad1, worked with quicken support, no success. Quicken sign in selection reverts back to home screen. Quicken mobile 2013 gets further along and allows me to visit additional pages, never jumps back to home screen.2/28 Visited apple store, they did a complete reset of my Ipad1, downloaded mobile2014 AGAIN with no success, app reverts back to home screen when ""sign in"" selected.Tried a mini while I was there and it operates normal. I would have tried a ipad1, although none was available. Patiently waiting!!!!!!!!ps, iphone4, and ipad4 works as well.3/8 Received another email reply from Quicken support, they wanted for me to do another sync and send log files. I replied back to them that this is not the problem. The problem is the mobile application CRASHES when selecting the ""sign in"" option.Crashes, Crashes, Crashes on Ipad1,  iOS 5.1.1.  Other devices I ve tried work other than 5.1.1 on ipad1.How many of you readers are having Crashes on mobile app??Please report so Quicken may understand the problem to address.4/10 It's been two months now, app still crashes, I've tried many different options on my IPAD 1 in attempt to solve, nothing has worked.  I did try turning off both wifi and 3G to further isolate where the problem lies. It made no difference so problem is internal. 2014 app still crashes. 2013 mobile DOES NOT  crash. It tells me the mobile 2014 is not compatible with my I PAD 1. And to reiterate the app did work for about two weeks before 2/9."

"I almost did not install this app due to the significant negative feedback.   However, I am a long time Quicken user and I trust their app development team.   So, I have Quicken 2014 installed and use the current Quicken 2014 app.  I have been running this configuration for about one month and it meets all of my needs and I believe it works just as advertised.  It is NOT a full version of Quicken running on my iPad which is just as I want it.  What is does great is capture remote transactions quickly and automatically uploads them to my Quicken database.   This is great as I can now enter the transaction as it happens and I no longer have to guess the details when the transactions are downloaded.  The learning curve is quick and I can now enter a cash or credit transaction in about 15 seconds.  Recording the details at Point of Sale lets you enter the amount, category, and notes before you leave the store.  This matches to the automatic download for the credit card company and makes reconciliation much easier.This app also let's you see snapshots of your key accounts.   The reminders and notices are also very helpful.   I am only giving it four stars though because it would be perfect if I could make edits to my budget too using the app.  I am not sure why so many users are rating this so low as my experience has been very positive so far.    My recommendation is keep your expectations simple and go for it!"

"App wouldn't even open, don't waste your time with this one."

Erased the accounts I had uploaded. Won't update my money market account

I've been using Quicken on the PC for several years. I've tried previous quicken mobiles and they all stink. I tried giving another go and this version is no better. very limited configuration options. sometimes it doesn't sync for days. Gets errors but does not allow me to fix it. So very disappointed with app.

"Does not update the balance as you enter transactions. This app has potential. However, its implementation is defective."

"Very frustrating. I've set it up in the desktop program. In the app, the signing in circle just keeps spinning."

"For years I have spent way too many hours organizing all of my receipts at tax time for my business.  This year I started using quicken in addition to quickbooks.  Once I got last year all straighten out I started working on getting fully organized so I don't have to suffer next year.  I have found this app to be absolutely wonderful in recording my transactions as the happen.  It's working great!  I've even been capturing screen shots of my purchase receipts  on eBay and then tagging them to the translations that they relate to in the app.  I think that app in exactly what I needed all these years to have my finances completely organized.  The only think that could make the whole system better is if intuit offered the quicken home and business version for mac, so I wouldn't have to fire up my PC.  Intuit has never seemed to like macs very much."

This app allows me to enter transactions on my phone or pad and sync to my PC later and vice versa. I always know my current balance for accounts.

Speaks for itself. Won't stay synched to my Mac even though Mac version is synching to the cloud.

None of my Bank of America accounts sync with this app consistently.

Tried the 2013 version. Worked for a bit then stopped. Upgraded to 2014 and uploaded the mobile up to new ipad. Worked once have not been able to use since.

Had this app for quite sometime. Now all of sudden I can't log in to my Mobil devices. Everything on my PC is set up correct. Help support is terrible.

"Having just upgraded Quicken on my PC, I thought I'd find the mobile app very useful.  In my opinion, unless you intend to use it to stay with-in budget, it is virtually useless.  The one singular feature that I was hoping and expecting it to provide was notification of upcoming bills that are due.  I enter all known future bills in Quicken and when it opens on my desktop, I view the bills tab showing the ""Stack"" that are due in the next 30 days.  When my PC boots it loads the Bill Minder screen that (although imperfect - but that's another story) shows me what is due within the next several days.  I pay the vast majority of my bills online, so my hope for the mobile app was that it would at least provide the same information as the Bill Minder.  No such usefulness.  It only shows what you have actually spent and paid.  Like I said - great - if your only objective is to stay in budget, or see what an account balance is, but not if you want to know what's due.  I was hoping that I could count on this if I was away to allow me to see what has come due, and to go online and pay it.  Not pay it thru the app, but just pay it at the payee's website.    So now with the big disappointment, I may uninstall it or not.  It is of no particular use to me."

Would be nice to use if it logged in.  It used to work.

I like this app a lot actually. I have not had any real issues with crashing or entering transactions. The improvement I would recommend would be to be able to view your bills in the app itself and create the entry from the app rather than going home and entering the bill from your home computer. This would make things more convenient to pay bills on the road and see real time what bills have and have not been paid as well as real time balance even if the transaction has not cleared. Thanks

Very good app in principle but needs work. Updating on the mobile app occasionally creates dual logs on the computer program. Mobile app does not update with the computer and is days behind at times.

"See below - but now it's even worse. Login info was dropped, and can't sign in. Intuit has really hit bottom with this one. (4/14)I use this app solely to track cash expenditures as I don't trust sending other account info. For that purpose the 2013 version worked ok in spite of being rather slow. But the upgrade to 2014 really stinks. The update didn't preserve login info, and it is proving impossible to sign in with the credentials that the app requests. Have followed web site instructions to enable login - they don't work. Would not recommend this joke of an app to anyone at this point."

Yet another app that won't work on the iPad1.

I have not been able to start this app successfully on my iPhone. It crashes every time.

"This app was really the decision maker for me to upgrade to the newer version of Quicken.  I thought it would be very convenient to be able to snap photos of my receipts to attach to my transactions (personal and small business).One of the first problems I encountered was not being able to sign it.  This went on for several days before I read some of the reviews and followed the suggestion of uninstalling and reinstalling.  This solved that particular problem.NOW, though, if I have a small pile of receipts, I can almost guarantee I won't be able to get through them without the app crashing (just closes), or getting some message about not being able to connect to the server (can't remember exact wording).  This is REALLY annoying.  So now I have a pile of receipts on my desk, and I just do as many as I can before I get fed up and save the rest for later.  I never get all the way through them.Please fix.  Please?"

"I like quicken!  Having an app that can give me budget information on the fly would be a dream come true.  This app is not quite there.  This app shows numerical budget information for the current month and only graphical information for year to date.  This makes the information vague and almost meaningless.  For example;  it shows that in in the current month you are way under budget for the month on travel expense by $288.00.  (Yahoo!  Let's go to Vegas this weekend!).  Thinking this is too good to be true you look for more information and you find a bar graph of year to date travel expenses.  The graphical representation indicates that you may be over budget year to date.  Are you over or under budget?  how much? To be useful, in the budget aspect, the app needs the ability for the user to adjust the date range.   Including future dates that can show online credit card payments that have been entered.  Possibly, I have spent $500.00 on travel that will be paid next month.  Three stars for showing promise.  But app is almost useless to me as is.  I remain hopeful."

"You can get bank savings/checking balances. You can not get mortgage, 401(k) or other."

"I finally got the app to work after spending a half hour on the line with tech support.  the iPhone app itself is using some older iPhone technology.  For example it seems to be using the old keyboard and the older method of deleting things (such as the alerts).. The app could definitely use some updating so that I don't feel like I am on an old iPhone version when I am using it.  For those of you that have problems getting the app to work I understand how frustrating it is and if you have time (even tho you shouldn't have too) if you call tech support they should be able to get you back up and running but plan for a good 1/2hour or more of unlinking your cloud, copying your quicken file, validating the file, linking back with cloud, deleting mobile app, reinstalling mobile app, etc.... YOU REALLY SHOULD NOT HAVE TO GO THROUGH ALL THIS BUT IT SHOULD WORK AFTERWARDS."

I wish I had not upgraded from 2013.    This just does not work!Intuit needs some serious competition.   As bad as the software has become it what take much to corner the market.

Locks on signing in . I have to delete app and reinstall. One photo worked then second one froze. Needs more work .

I have only had a few issues with app. I was able to fix them quickly. I wish the app did more tho.

Have not been able to log in using the app on my iPad or iPhone in over a month. This stinks!!

"I don't understand why there's a lot of bad reviews. This app works great to me, after downloading the software on my computer I then put the app on my iPhone. I then simply activated the mobile option on my computer and started to take pictures of receipts and entering them into the quicken program. Like someone else said in their review it's how you set it up because mine works great!!!!!"

Sign in screen just spins and spins

"In theory this would be a great product. In reality it's inconsistent, making it unreliable.  After sync quicken deleted some items, duplicated some, or some items were just plain ignored. Because of this I spent several hours balancing my account.  Sync again, the same scenario .  This is very frustrating"

"While this app has serious issues as you can quickly see from reading the other reviews, it has the potential to be useful.  The biggest issue for me is the lack of the current balance view.  You only see what your online accounts say, which won't reflect the latest activity and therefore won't tell you where you are budget-wise.Pros: - quick summary of where you are for the month- nice ability to compare month over month- clean presentationCons:- can't see current balance from Quicken 2014, it pulls the latest data from your accounts (if you've linked them), so you won't see that check you wrote reflected in your balance until who knows when.  This makes it hard to budget or plan.- flaky updates and failures to sync have required you to actually delete and reinstall the app- quirky account setup. It includes a closed account in the mobile version but not an active - and actively used - account?  You have to go into the desktop version to fix this."

It seems that the developers have abandon this app. They have not fixed any of the crashing problems and also the login problems

On the ipad I've lost the ability to change from portrait to landscape. Not a big deal except you loose half the screen in portrait so you cNt see/get to all the features. Updating the app always shows it did it 3 hours ago and yet nothing is updated nor can I manually force the update.  I've used the 2013 version regularly and haven't run into this many problems (so many more to list) this app is now worthless to me until an update.After several frustrating months with this and no updates to solve any of the issues I'm having I give up.  I'm deleting the app and will look for a better product to sync my data amount devices.

"I tried the iOS version right when it came out but I uninstalled it because it totally jumbled my budget and was very fluky. Now, a year so later, it is only slightly better. I don't understand why such a big company would continue to promote a relatively unreliable iOS version."

"Tries to update transactions if you breathe on it, making it extremely slow when entering manual transactions.  Recent transactions list does not work.  Pocket money was so much better and more efficient."

I have been a Quicken user for over 10 years and for the first seven or so years I was impressed with the annual updates. Since about 2011 I have been disappointed. The reports and the functionality of how you can view your accounts on the desktop product are disappointing and this app joins in that category. The online balances are correct but the pending transactions are not updating accurately so this app is just wasting my time.

"The app was working fine at first, but now when I try to login it just sits at the login screen spinning away.  It won't even time out so I have to reboot my device.  I am sure this has something to do with the most recent IOS update, but I would think that intuit would be more on top of things.  Time to look for some different accounting software?"

Ive used Quicken on Windows for years (since MS Money was discontinued) but switched to Mac recently. Ive tried and paid for iBank (along with both its separately sold apps) and Moneydance as well as their respective apps as well as YNAB but none of these products compare to Q14. Im currently using Q14 on my Macbook Pro Retina through Parallels and am glad i switched back (did have some aggravating display tweaking through Windows but got it figured out). The app for Q14 syncs perfectly through the cloud onto both my iPad and iPhone. My only complaint is that the investment portfolio information is not included in the app but ill re-rate at 5 stars if this is eventually included. The app looks and feels like the Mint app polished and easy to use. On both the phone and iPad youll have access to all your bank accounts as well as bill reminders and budget information. Ive been using Q14 for one month now and have had no issues.

Freezes when I take a picture.  Please fix this!

I am surprise that a company of Intuit cannot put a better product out for their customers. I am so tired for these updates that just make the app useless. I am sure they know about these problems but have not offered anything to their customers in respond to such poor development. I am wondering how this app could even be secure if doesn't even function right. Wait....I know....Not even hackers can get access to the information because none of us can. Just AWFUL!!!'

"The app stopped working (froze on login) so used live support chat to troubleshoot. Had to unlink, validate data, fix errors, uninstall, reinstall, etc. A whole process just do make the app work again. This is more a review of the software in general, but I've had nothing but issues the last couple years with my data files and the Quicken software. I created a new data file in January, started over from scratch, and only three months in the data file has errors and corruption again. The support rep seriously said, ""I would request you to validate your file once a week, It will keep it in good shape."" WHAT??? How about you code stable software that keeps my data in shape instead? Or program the file to validate automatically if you recommend all customers do that. Anyway, I've been so disappointed with the software but I am a junkie to the features and functionality of tracking and planning my finances. What else can I do but fight on? Still, Intuit PLEASE listen to your customers and fix these issues once and for all. I don't care if you have to go back to the drawing board on the software, but something has to change. This level of software instability in a product makes it unfit for the marketplace."

"So disappointed, I used the 2013 and loved it! Just upgraded to 2014 and cannot get it to sync. I've followed all the instructions several times. Still I am unable to use the app. Please fix, I was loving it."

"It's time Intuit bite the bullet, and come to the realization that the current state of Quicken is beyond simplistic revision-driven repair, and as such, is quickly 'sinking' their corporate and product credibility and current and potentially future sales. Someone in Intuit needs to fire the entire Quicken software development division (I'm guessing 2 guys in a shack somewhere in a remote overseas location).  Then issue a corporate statement to all registered Quicken users to plan on a estimated 6 month hiatus of future Quicken revisions.  Then the new development team (hopefully more than 2 guys in a shack somewhere in a remote overseas location) can start re-developing this software from scratch."

"When I try to go to take pics of receipts, it freezes on the camera and I cannot get out of camera mode... Will not take pic and won't cancel... Ended up just having to delete the app all together! Otherwise, I think it's a simple enough app to use. Would be very nice if it had more capabilities, like being able to work with categories, etc.. The reason I bought Quicken 2014 in the first place is because I wanted to be able to do all the updating from my iPad. Unfortunately this is not possible at this time."

It will not let me sign in. It sits there for 3 minutes and doesn't actually open the app. It just kills my battery. Needs a new update!

It is all in getting it set up correctly.

Loooooong time Quicken user... 15 years at least.  This is the buggiest product you've ever released.  Pull it now.  It reflects very poorly on your company and the Quicken brand.  This app is truly not ready.

"I'm not having any problems. The app works for what it's intended to do. It's nothing big or major, but works for entering transactions on the go. It isn't a mobile version of the desktop. Very simplistic, but I'm ok with that."

App logs me out about twice a week and the only way to log back in is to delete the app and start all over. But when it does work it's pretty good especially being able to photo receipts and save them.

"I use Quicken for budgeting but this app doesn't keep track of my transfers to savings or any of my recurring bills so it ALWAYS mis-reports my available balances for these categories. If I have to keep track of it in my head, what's the point of an app? BTW, they admit to these limitations in their FAQs and make no apologies. The second star is because the app is fairly polished otherwise.Has its uses but anything beyond extremely basic budgeting is impractical."

Deleting this app. Why would I want an app fort iPhone and iPad that doesn't work with the Quicken in my Mac? This only works with Quicken Windows.  Really?? Intuit has gotten so far behind the times.

"I loved this app and would have given it 5 stars, but after I downloaded the latest update, it will no longer let me log in. Quicken, you need to get a patch out to fix this problem! I would like to use this app again."

"Jan 30, 2014 release does not work on iPad with 5.1 loaded.  Lost all benefit of mobile app.  App will not open."

I agree with the majority of other writers.  If there is a more useless app out there I have not come across it.

This app uses up a lot of bandwidth and is very slow. It also crashes a lot!  It is easier just using numbers to keep track of your expenses then entering I quicken.

When I first installed this app it was great. Everything worth smoothly. I was able to sync with my desktop along with taking pics of receipts with my phone. Over the last few weeks it will no longer sync and update. My information is three weeks old and just freezes when I try to log in. This issue needs to be resolved ASAP.

I was forced to update to the 2014 app when I updated Quicken on my computer. Now I'm having issues with login and syncing. It does neither successfully at this point. Am deleting the app and I hope an update is released soon that addresses these issues.  Argh!

"i've just bought Quicken 2014 (used to have 2010 version) only for the mobile app/But after upgrading desktop version, and downloading mobile app, discovered the mobile version works only for US dollars accounts. In my case most time am outside US and if i want to use it with a foreign account is not possible.I think the most added value for a mobile app, is the possibility of having several currency accounts.to disappointed..."

I agree with some of the statements on other reviews. What is the use if the balance doesn't match what my PC indicates. I didn't have any trouble logging in.

Did expect better from intuit.

9 out of 10 times the app crashes after taking a picture of a receipt.  This makes the app unusable since that is mostly the only function of the app.

"Unfortunately I gave them the benefit of the doubt and would have thought that they put some real effort into 2014. Nope, still a piece of crap, no different from 2013. After the initial connect and download it never updates properly with my Wells Fargo info.That's too bad because there is real potential here for a great app."

This is a very unstable app.  Been working with it for two months now all of the sudden it crashes!!!   Don't use this !!!

"Not only was it unINTUITive to setup, but the app just stopped working after 2-3 weeks...won't login. Reinstalling app didn't help :-("

"The app works well enough overall for syncing and updating quicken, but the built-in camera for receipts locks up the app most of the time. I've resorted to camera+ and attaching via camera roll."

Quicken we pay lots of hard earned money for your software and we get this buggy shitware!

App doesn't update/sync with Quicken on my laptop. Horrible!  You guys need to fix.

Typical of anything from Intuit it's half baked and doesn't work correctly.  Good thing they basically have a monopoly in the financial software market.  You have to delete and reinstall this weekly to get it to work again.

"It works ok for me. Signing in isn't a problem...yet. I do have some things that would definitely up the rating for me. First and foremost, I would really like to use this when I'm offline and sync when I get back online. I use this on my ipad so I have to have wifi for it to sync. Didn't realize at first that I would actually have to be connected online to be able to enter any transaction. Second, it would be nice to be able to split the transaction up front while I'm entering it instead of having to go back in and edit it. Maybe I'm just not seeing the option but I've looked quite a bit. And along those lines, my third thing is that there is not a calculator tool when splitting the transaction so if I have multiple items in one category I have to do the math in my head or use a manual calculator. Just a few things that I find very inconvenient in an app that's supposed to make my financial record keeping more convenient. I agree with the other comments that the app is a huge step back from the former Pocket Quicken. I used it many years ago and LOVED it!!! I hope the Intuit people read these comments to make their updates better, though I would be surprised if they did."

I was able to sign in to the app once and haven't gotten back in since. The app spins forever at the sign in screen and never actually logs me in. This is completely useless.

App was fine but the last update is a mess! It doesn't let you to sign in!Fix it urgently!!!!!

"The app will not allow me to log in. Everything is synced with the cloud and computer, but app won't open with my username and password. Useless."

Why this company can't fix this app is amazing.   It will not even load.

I installed this app and it worked fine for about a week or so. But now I cannot log into the app at all. I still get weekly reports sent to my email but app is totally useless if I cannot log in. I just hangs up every single time I try to log in. I hope that the programmers read all of the complaints and negative reviews and fix this worthless app!

"Like others, mobile app login stopped working.  Not playing games with lame tech support and having to delete/reinstall app each time this happens, which is repetitive.  Utter junk. Been a Quicken desktop user for 12 years and this is the worst yet."

Will not even load. Quicken 2013 worked on my iPad but after upgrading my PC to Quicken 2014 I am out of luck.Mint works fine on same iPad. Guess where Intuit is spending their resources.

"Today 2/9 the app will not initialize, deleted and downloaded again. The app initialized although when I try to sign in it defaults back to the iPad home screen. I have attempted deleting and re-downloading app several times with no success. I cannot sign in.2/27 Still unable to log in with ipad1, worked with quicken support, no success. Quicken sign in selection reverts back to home screen. Quicken mobile 2013 gets further along and allows me to visit additional pages, never jumps back to home screen.2/28 Visited apple store, they did a complete reset of my Ipad1, downloaded mobile2014 AGAIN with no success, app reverts back to home screen when ""sign in"" selected.Tried a mini while I was there and it operates normal. I would have tried a ipad1, although none was available. Patiently waiting!!!!!!!!ps, iphone4, and ipad4 works as well.3/8 Received another email reply from Quicken support, they wanted for me to do another sync and send log files. I replied back to them that this is not the problem. The problem is the mobile application CRASHES when selecting the ""sign in"" option.Crashes, Crashes, Crashes on Ipad1,  iOS 5.1.1.  Other devices I ve tried work other than 5.1.1 on ipad1.How many of you readers are having Crashes on mobile app??Please report so Quicken may understand the problem to address."

"After I installing the app I am able to login and it works well for a week or so.  Then all of the sudden I am asked to login again and it just sits there a spins.  As others have mentioned, the only way to get past this is delete the app and re-install it.  Its very frustrating to have to keep deleting and re-install the app every week or so."

It worked fine before update now won't logon... just sits there and spins never to connect.  I'm done. Great idea but worthless app. Nice try Quicken... too bad no one there knows how to correct the problem. Bye bye.

Unable to sign in. Tried deleting app and redownloading. Very frustrating!

This app for iPhone 5 will not load. On the iPad the app seems it invent numbers for checking balance. I am using Quicken 2014 and all is set up properly. It syncs transactions and matches bank balance but not desktop.

"I can log on the quicken website with my user name and password but this app never logs in. It just says ""signing in"" and never does."

I upgraded to Quicken 2014 mainly for the app. What a waste. Functionality is very limited and awkward to use.  Couldn't log in for the last couple months till I read a fix from another user was to delete the app and reinstall it.

"It worked well for a week.  Now unable to sign in, just spins and says ""signing in"" for eternity.  Useless now."

I should have listened to the reviews. It logs me out randomly and won't let me log back in unless I delete the app and reinstall. I only bought the 2014 version because I wanted the app. What a waste.

What a joke. Quits working randomly and is somehow more pathetic than the PC program which randomly changes my budgets.

"Have to sign in each time you want to use it, frequently hangs when signing in, so app is basically useless."

Possibly the worst app I have ever used! I would think a company like Intuit could have designed better. Guess not.

"I tried this App a few years ago and had such trouble with it then, such as balances and some transactions not syncing from my desktop version, etcetera.  It eventasy screwed up the accounting on my desktop version as well.  I thought that maybe, just maybe, Intuit would have fixed these issues.  However, from the number of still negative reviews I see here....I'm still not willing to chance it.  I would advise anyone to steer clear of the app."

"I think you are getting there team. Precision is in focus. Having worked at a large company managing the ins and outs of budgeting it is a ""wack a mole"" task to meet all there is with chasing numbers. Reports are the bottom line and you have a pretty good array. I have multiple bank accounts and the mobile app is working well now to manage where we are and where we are going at our Adult Family Home. Keep up the good work!"

I had been able to use this app. And it got the job done at a basic level. But for several weeks now both the iphone and IPad versions will not let me log in. They don't even appear to connect to a server as putting in bad login info doesn't even return a failure. It just continually tries to connect. I'll take this opportunity to vent that intuits quality has been in a nose dive for a long time. It appears that they may have finally crashed.

Stopped working. Time to delete the app.

"It is ridiculous to even have this app if I can't log in and have my account info with me at all times. Please fix this issue and I'll change my rating. When it was working (before the last update at the end of January) I had no other issues with the App and it worked great for me. It was just what I needed and wanted. It's been having this problem for over a month now, and I'm getting frustrated, fix it!"

I give up. I'm deleting the mobile app.  What a waste of money.

"This is a simple app that has eliminated the need to keep receipts. I successfully capture transactions with the app and sync then to downloaded transactions in quicken. It was not intuitive to set up, but can be done. I have two issues I don't understand: 1. After I set up quicken to work with the app, the login password I thought would work, did not. I had entered two passwords in quicken and it wasn't clear which one was for the app. 2. Every two weeks or so, the app signs me out and I can't sign back in. I delete the app from my phone, reload it and am then able to log in. I'm happy with the functionality, although frustrated with the complexity of setup and glitches."

App USED to actually work. Not any more!  Can't log into my account. Just sits and SPINS after attempting to log in. I even reset my password.  Rebooted my iPhone. Photos of receipts still locks up the app & I have to kill the app & reopen. So frustrating!  Come on!  Oh and I'm still able to update the cloud from my PC.

"I have been using quicken for a decade (+). Even switched banks because of ""the banks security"" cause issues. I can work with PC and Wells Fargo but can't add my Wells Fargo accounts to mobile & alerts. So I can't use this app because since my checking accounts won't even load to cloud data I can't watch my budget or spending on my phone. Ever since MS dropped out your all right it has gotten worse. I can't believe I just references MS as a positive. The blasphemy, my hypocrisy knows no bounds! I just want it to do what they said it would do. Is that asking too much? I guess so."

Consistently has log in problems. Great way to input expenses on the go... when it works.

It's simple. App will not start. Fix it please.

"How can the writes of the best desktop application, write a very very bad moblie application, I was happy with quicken, 2013 had this problem and I lived with it, I would have though 2014 would have fixed it, not.  Maybe they do not care, But effect today I no longer use the moblie app and will not longer buy quicken updates."

Keeps logging me out and the only way to login again is to delete the app and reinstall. I expected better.

"Specs state for iOS 5.0 or newer.  Not true. I have the first iPad with 5.0.  After last q2014 update, it will not function.  Have deleted app and reinstalled 4 times.Works ok on my iPhone 5 S.Another issue is on my PC, I use scheduled daily update.  Since the mobile app in use, I continually get an unknown sync error.  When that occurs, PC for q2014 is locked.  I have searched for a fix but even with Intuit on the phone with me, it is necessary to reboot the PC.  The summary displays all successfully update but I find that the mobile sync may not have occurred.Intuit has walked me through several steps to delete and install the mobile portion on the PC.  Once to clear all on all devices."

"Really disgraceful that a company would put put something so inept. Despite numerous attempts the app won't sync to my main bank accounts. It keeps telling me the login info is incorrect, even though it isn't. Can't wait for a real competitor to Inuit."

"Does not sync between desktop and iPad application.  Desktop reports a sync but iPad says ""no sync."""

FRUSTRATING!

"this app seems to have no way to sync to desktop, what's the point? :("

On the ipad I've lost the ability to change from portrait to landscape. Not a big deal except you loose half the screen in portrait so you cNt see/get to all the features. Updating the app always shows it did it 3 hours ago and yet nothing is updated nor can I manually force the update.  I've used the 2013 version regularly and haven't run into this many problems (so many more to list) this app is now worthless to me until an update.

What stupid moron changed this app! Does not work now does not connect to cloud to get data. Fire the SOB!

Quicken monopoly needs to be broken!  How they can continue to dominate the industry and produce this kind of garbage is a mystery!?  Where are our brokerage accounts?

"Totally unable to log-in on my iPhone.  The iPad still works, but I'm sure that will stop at some point too."

"Had no problems for three weeks - then, today, I cannot log in (same as others have reported).  Don't know what is worse --- having it NEVER work, or work fine and then suddenly STOP.  As usual, with Intuit, there is no tech support."

"BUGGY!  When it works, it works great, but about every 3rd day it forgets my login information, and even after putting the correct user name and password in, it still will not let me back in.  I have to go to the desktop and reset everything again."

"With the latest update has gone from being a serviceable way to track spending on the go, to being completely worthless because I can't log-in."

"It started off ok, but now I can't get logged on."

"Today 2/9 the app will not initialize, deleted and downloaded again. The app initialized although when I try to sign in it defaults back to the iPad home screen. I have attempted deleting and re-downloading app several times with no success. I cannot sign in.2/27 Still unable to log in with ipad1, worked with quicken support, no success. Quicken sign in selection reverts back to home screen. Quicken mobile 2013 gets further along and allows me to visit additional pages, never jumps back to home screen.2/28 Visited apple store, they did a complete reset of my Ipad1, downloaded mobile2014 AGAIN with no success, app reverts back to home screen when ""sign in"" selected.Tried a mini while I was there and it operates normal. I would have tried a ipad1, although none was available. Patiently waiting!!!!!!!!ps, iphone4, and ipad4 works as well."

Also downloaded latest version  onto my IPad(5.0). Cannot load app  it just flashes and konks out.   Glad to know I am not the only one.Why can't teck revert back to old version?   Is the new app(quicken) version NOT comparable with IPad 5.0???

HORRIBLE!!!Never would sign on and /or sync accounts. Can I give ZERO Stars????

The app starts but closes immediately before I can do anything. Uninstalled and installed more than once without any luck.  This app is worthless.

"I have come to generally like the app. However the latest update seems to have killed it. Can't login in anymore, just like others have noted as well."

"First of all, what a disappointment. It's hard to know where to begin. I want to be able to enter purchases on my IPhone and then transfer them to the Quicken on my desktop. First, I cannot even include accounts which don't allow themselves to be synched to Quicken. Chase bank, for example, will not sync to quicken without additional payments. I used to just download a .qfx file on the desktop and have quicken read it, and no problem. On the mobile app, I cannot even access the bank account records to later transfer to my desktop because a link to the bank is required. Why? I'm not synching to the bank, I'm synching to the desktop. Categories. On the desktop, if I record a payment, it can be classified as movies, dinner, home expenses, business expenses, books, automobile, etc etc etc. On the mobile, all I can chose is ""expense."" What happened to all the subcategories available on the desktop? Why aren't they available on the mobile? There used to be a program called Pocket Quicken, for the Palm, which did all these things. Quicken withdrew its license, so the pocket folks had to discontinue the produce. Was this costing Quicken too much?? NO, it cost them nothing. In fact, the pocket software folks had to pay Quicken (intuit) a licensing fee, so quicken actually lost money by cancelling this program. Why did they do it? Were they afraid that this would make Quicken too useful?? The pocket quicken folks knew how to write an app that took advantage of all the categories, memorized transactions, etc of the quicken program, and allowed you to access all the accounts, even if an internet connection not available. Why can't I record a check I write on the mobile to later transfer the record to the desktop quicken? Why do I have to sync to the bank (or not be allowed to) to accomplish this recording? Hey Intuit, is anybody reading this and thinking about this, and listening to your customers who have been telling you this for over a decade...???"

A rather unimpressive effort by Quicken.

"Revised 2/24/2014 - Dear Quicken.  It is now broken for the past 5 days. The keyboard will not disappear without manual intervention and no accounts have synced for 5 days. *******************************************************It's not Quicken and it's not Mint.  It looks like Mint but only shows spending categories.  It shows categories you can customize like Quicken.  No investment support whatsoever.  Questionable whether Quicken will ever ""get it"" again like it did when it was destroying Microsoft Money. No competition now..."

"All the bugs of Quicken with none if the features of Mint! Download now for the inability to do things like ""log in"" and ""check your finances""!  Intuit does it again...somehow."

After upgrading my iPhone 5 to 5s. The receipt capture (using the Camera) does not work. Please fix this Intuit!!!

Had some issues when I first started using app but was working ok the last couple of months.  Now out of the blue cannot log in.  Just clocks.  I already deleted my cloud acct and reinstalled app to fix a previous problem.  Won't go thru that again.  Will just remove if not resolved soon.

I am unable to get past the sign in page on the iphone app.

"I've used Quicken Desk for years and mostly pleased.Mobile App constantly forgets password (or User ID) and when reset it continues to say ""wrong User/Password - even when I open the bank accounts IN THE QUICKEN APP SUCCESSFULLY !Horrible service."

Deleting today!  Don't waste your time.  I am also getting rid of the software on my PC.  Very disappointing.

"Won't work, won't log into bank, won't sync with desktop.  Waste."

"Why would the iPad app not work with the Mac version? I do not understand, but it doesn't. So, if you're are a Mac user don't download this app.  It's a waste of time."

Can't use app since update. Test your app before pushing an update you idiots.

"This app works just fine! Don't believe all the reviews.  Proper set up is the key.  I've set it up three times and it works flawlessly.  Sync to the cloud every time you finish making an entries and it is instantly uploaded to your iPhone, and iPad.  The price is right what do you have to lose!"

Deleted my mobile app because it was not providing accurate data in terms of checking balance now all info was deleted from my desktop needed to restore other version very disappointed with quicken

"I've been using Quicken for over a decade, but 2013 & 2014 versions and the horrible apps have completely lost me. Extremely unstable desktop, and the app is utterly useless."

"I just can't understand why a company this size will not invest in a mobile platform that works.  Finance and accounting needs to quit running the company and put a true leader in charge.  Hey, have you ever heard of Blackberry, Timex, AOL, Kodak etc etc.. These were all great companies that wouldn't change and give consumers what they wanted.  I promise this you are in line, all you need is one competitor with vision and you will barely be remembered."

If you like to watch a load icon rotating clockwise forever then this is the app for you!!! Upgraded from 2013 version (yearly fee!) and haven't been able to log into the mobile app for days!!!! After sign in loading icon just keeps spinning and spinning and nothing else happens!!!! Thanks Quicken for such an inferior product!!!!

"It is better than nothing, but doesn't have many smart features. The balances don't sync right, I'd prefer to know how much $$ I truly have in my checking, both real-time (current) and future dated deposits which are entered. The desktop version does this, the app doesn't. The GUI is very blah with many feature that are meaningless, needs some intelligent design with smart features, which are customary with Intuit products. Until they wake up in the APP design department, I guess this is better than nothing."

Cannot edit a transaction.  Cannot add notes - scrolling and app frame just doesn't quite let you press the link to leave a note.  App often quits or mysteriously modifies transaction when taking receipt photo.  Cmon guys! Not a very professional effort - keep trying.

Crashes when taking picture of receipt.  App obviously wasnt tested.

"I use this app solely to track cash expenditures as I don't trust sending other account info. For that purpose the 2013 version worked ok in spite of being rather slow. But the upgrade to 2014 really stinks. The update didn't preserve login info, and it is proving impossible to sign in with the credentials that the app requests. Have followed web site instructions to enable login - they don't work. Would not recommend this joke of an app to anyone at this point."

"I used quicken since v1 and recently It has really gone downhill.  The iOS app, the reason I upgraded to 2014, is riddled with errors.  More disturbing is that if you sync between iOS and the desktop Quicken sees all your financial data and takes it upon itself to send you emails detailing your financial transactions.  If you thought your data was encrypted so no one at Intuit could read it your are mistaken.  What an intrusion into my financial privacy.  Even though I just bought 2014 I am through using this nasty piece of junk."

I have had a quicken and intuit account for four years and now that they market their new app...you cannot even login...worthless!

"I am so disappointed in Intuit to release such a piece of garbage. It locks up, is unstable and useless. I wish I was back in Quicken 2011. Most of the links to download did not transfer over. I have turned off all of the syncing."

"After installing this app on my 3rd generation iPod Touch, it crashes immediately after tapping Sign In the first time and each time I attempt to launch it thereafter.Version 1.1 did work on this device previously."

"Same month history only. Constant update and sync issues. Can't even view brokerage/investment accounts. Can't view budget sub-categories. Can't view previous or any other month's entries. Categories changed in Mobile are overwritten on next sync (so what's the point of changing?) Virtually every other user has same complaints, obviously Intuit doesn't read these reviews and could care less. I could go on and on but why bother; too much wrong with it to list. A pathetic effort from a huge company. One star only because zero stars not an option. The moment there's an alternative I'm dumping Quicken."

"The mobile app won't work and support wont either. Sorry I spent the money for the ""supposed"" upgrade."

Really a waste if time. This is a buggy glitchy  rarely working app. There are incessant login lockouts and the app doesn't sync well with the desktop which is also terribly buggy. I wish there were alternatives to quicken. Microsoft money was such a good program years ago. So much better than this bunk quicken crap.

The entire point of me upgrading to 2014 was this web app and the ability to snap pics of my receipts and attach them to the transaction. Hopefully saving me tons of time. Except the app crashes every time I try. What a waste of money.

Good idea but very poor design and UI. App doesn't work with multiple logins with different accounts to the same bank. Fails to synch all accounts with cloud and just hangs after multiple tries with different configs.  Just doesn't work - poorly tested.

"Can't log on.  Getting error messages on both laptop and on iPhone.  Contacted customer support, spent well over an hour on hold and discussing the issue.  They indicated they would ""get back to me with a solution"".  6 weeks later still no response.  I purchased software specifically for mobile device access.  Very disappointed!"

"App worked after initial download. I have set up accounts on my desktop to synch with the app. App keeps displaying that no accounts are selected. I uninstalled and reinstalled. Useless performance. As usual, Intuit over promises and under delivers."

"I waited before writing this review until now to first use the app. It's a great idea but unfortunately it does not work reliably.I have been using Quicken for a long time. I upgraded from 2012 version to 2014 mainly to use the mobile app functionality. The Logon issue may reported was not an issue for me. But the balance on the mobile up is all over the place. Very unreliable and frustrating. I contacted the support team an sent screen shots, log files etc., tried the Quicken user forum for potential solutions. So far nothing. Save yourself a lot of frustration and wait to upgrade after this issue is fixed. If the result on the mobile up is not the same as your bank and your desktop, what is the use?"

Crashes every time I try to open it.

"Crashes immediately on opening. Ok, I'm still on iOS 5.1 because of hardware limitations, but this is supposed to still be compatible. It's the same old story, poor QA testing on Intuit's part. I'll be happy when they have some serious competition to knock them out of complacency."

"Quicken, I always thought you were better than this! 2014 won't even start on my iPad! So disappointing!Not only did you force a desktop PC upgrade on me that I had to pay dearly for, this new version is a joke!...also crashy, and loaded with bugs. Then, you give me TWO Apple apps that are, even on a good day, lousy. Crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy, crashy.The Qiucken 2014 for iPad won't even start now!Wake up, Quicken! We have options!"

"I loaded this app to use with desktop Quicken 2014 (an example of forced purchases to overcome planned obsolescence - but that's another story.)  It crashes immediately despite following Intuit's explicit instructions to sync the desktop first for the mobile app.  Tried contacting support but waited over an hour in the ""24/7"" chat queue, only to be canceled twice!  They also give NO phone numbers to call, citing high call volume.  Duh!  I guess when people are upset about a product they call with questions.  One star is too many.  Maybe I'll decide to simply not be an Intuit customer anymore so I don't waste my money and time."

"Today 2/9 the app will not initialize, deleted and downloaded again. The app initialized although when I try to sign in it defaults back to the iPad home screen. I have attempted deleting and re-downloading app several times with no success. I cannot sign in."

"If you're updating for mobile access you'll be disappointed.  Quicken Mobile is worthless in my opinion. Haven't been able to access since day one, I've given up.  Doesn't like my password.  And as usual, even on the PC, Q2014 seems to add ""features"" that produce more headaches, less convenience.  I only updated because my bank required it.  Many regrets.  It will probably be my last upgrade.  Been using it for 10yrs+ but ready to try something else.  Every new version gets worse."

The ending balance is still wrong when it includes split transactions.  I can't believe that this simple problem remains.  It is extremely annoying.

Stopped working on my iPod Touch.

As in my previous review I was frustrated over this mobile app being unable to calculate an accurate ending balance. I took advice of another user and deleted the mobile app and deactivated my cloud acct from my desktop Quicken. I waited a couple of days and started again and all seems to be working fine.  Time will tell.

"Quicken, I always thought you were better than this! 2014 won't even start on my iPad! So disappointing!"

"Like every other review says, app does NOT work. Will not connect and support is useless."

After the last update I started getting an error message when trying to login on both my iPad and iPhone.  reset the cloud data on my Quicken 2014 desktop and now the app is working fine.

"This POS app actually worked for me for the first 3 times I used it.  Now all it will do is tell me to perform a sync, no matter how many times I do it.  Oh how I long for a good alternative to intuit products."

"Says it syncs with desktop, but does not allow editing.  If it can't work for more than input, it is worthless to me. 0 star rating"

"Since the last update, I cannot open this app on my iPad.  I didn't update my phone yet and that app still works."

Updating to three starsNot sure if this fixed my issue or not but I deleted the app off my phone and deleted my cloud data.  Waited two days and set up the cloud and downloaded the app.  Now the sign in works.   And now it also appears they have fixed the ending balance issue so am updating my rating to three stars.  +++++++++++++++++Updated hoping it would fix the issue where the mobile app counts each line item in a split transaction at least twice.  This seems to only happen in pending transactions as once the transaction clears the bank the ending balance will correct.  Spent hours on support chat with the non-thinking techs.  All they can do is cut and paste from a script.  If you don't like that script they just cut and paste  from another.   But after the update I cannot get logged on to the mobile app so I have no way of knowing if any of the bugs are fixed.  One star is one too many for this app.  Quicken has no real competition and it shows.

Also downloaded latest version  onto my IPad(5.0). Cannot load app  it just flashes and konks out.   Glad to know I am not the only one.Can tech revert back to old version?   Is the new app(quicken) version NOT comparable with IPad 5.0???

"Today's update fixed the sign in error - hurray!  Now if only the data were accurate.  Just received an alert that there's $0 credit available on one of my credit cards.  Look at the balance, look at the limit, difference is not $0.  Bogus alert.  I really wish this app worked.  It represents the worst of Quicken and Mint, all rolled into one.  It could be killer if some talent were applied to it."

"I've been using Quicken on my desktop for a decade. The first couple of times I updated, new features were worthwhile. I thought mobile would have been one of those features to rescue a desktop program that has been getting functionally worse the past several years. I was wrong. Now there's a desktop program that's even worse and an a mobile app that won't let you sign in. That's probably for the best though, because syncing mobile and desktop data will just cause you headaches as data is randomly changed."

Do not install. No sing in

"I got this app with version 1.1 and it seemed to work pretty well, but I made the mistake of installing the latest upgrade.  I never could log on using version 1.2.  I would get an error, but no error code or anything to indicate what the problem was only that there was an error.  I deleted the app and downloaded again and got version 1.1.  I used the old version and had no problem logging on.  Don't they ever test these updates!!!  There are several reviews which say the same thing about not being able to log on.  I would guess most of them are using the latest update.  There is nothing on the support website about this!  Intuit, if there is anyone listening please get your act together and fix your software!!!"

"Like almost everything Quicken-related for Apple products that Ive tried, this one does not work. ""Sign in failed. Were experiencing an error. The advice on Intuits support site does not work and there does not appear to be any acknowledgement of the problem -- despite the plethora of one-star reviews. If I didnt have almost 20 years of data in Quicken Id bail."

"Before the Jan. 30 update it would not sync with BofA accounts. Quicken's response? Must be the bank's fault. So they update it finally. Does it work? NO. Now  you can't even sign on. After 20 years of Quicken, I am looking for something else. Each new version and update gets worse. Total waste of money, and unfortunately a lot of wasted time trying to get it to work. Customer support?? None. None. None."

"After the most recent install, all expenditures have been reset. For example, I started the account with $50, spent $30 over multiple transactions with a remaining balance of $20. After the upgrade, it is showing a balance of $50. Obviously, a useless app until this bug is fixed."

"Latest update takes quicken from a solid 2-star product to 1 star by not allowing you to log in. To be fair, this is only a small reduction in functionality."

Working again

Most secure financial app on the market. Not even registered users can access their own information. Way to go Intuit!! Now fix it.

"""We're experiencing an error"".  All day.  Everyday since the update.  One would think that Intuit would fix this."

Can't login since last update

So fix it!

I returned Quicken 2013 last year because of multiple issues and unsupported features in mobile app and will be doing the same with 2014 again this year after spending hours trying to get this thing to work right. Balances are still incorrect with split transactions and sync doesn't work half the time. Now the latest update has left me unable to logon to the app at all. Frightening that this flakey product is from the same company that makes Turbo Tax; makes you wonder how reliable that really is. I'll be using someone else's tax product.

"Can't report if I like the app or not because it won't run on my iPad, keeps crashingI am on iOS 5.1.1The program does run on my iPhone running 7.0.4. but is not intuitive like ""Pocket Quicken"" that was put out by Landware a few years ago for the Palm.They need to redesign it to be more intuitive.  As for running on the iPad, this is not really important to me.  I would like access to the category list instead of just store nearby.In short Pocket Quicken was so much better."

Intuit blew it with the most recent update.  My mobile functionality worked great before the update.  Now I can't log on with my iPhone or iPad. What a waste.

If I could give it zero stars I would. The app has completely stopped working since the 1/31 update.  Unable to sign on.

"I've been a quicken user since their first program came online. This Q-14 version is the worst. Hangs up the system, does not get downloads as it should and will freeze in the middle if updating. And now the Mobil App does not work at all. Suggest you do not buy program or app until they get this Q-14 version fixed. Intuit should be better than this"

"This app was working great until last upgrade on Jan 30. Since that upgarde app is not allowing singn in. I am not sure how Quicken does its app development, but, this update should have never passed QA. They should have rolled back this update until fix is in."

Installed and logged in just fine for me. Receipt snap option is pretty handy! Haven't tried the budget yet but otherwise no issues with this version. Data syncs and downloads fine.

"This app (2013 and 2014) has had more than its share of problems/bugs since its introduction a year ago. My confidence has slowly eroded. The explanation for the latest update says ""bug fixes""; it should say ""new bugs added"". Now I can't even log in.  I'm now truly convinced that the inmates are running the asylum."

Does not work.

"Just installed the latest update to quicken 2014 on my IPad and now I cannot Evan get the program to boot. I click on the icon and it immediately turns off. This is unbelievably. The program was working great prior to this ""fix""! I have deleted and reinstalled the program at least six times with all the same results. I have followed the suggested fixes on the intuit web support site , didn't change anything . Is intuit trying to fix this problem or should we be looking for a more reliable money management software program that we can use with our windows based programs?"

I really liked this app until the last two updates. This latest update was apparently created to repair the bugs in the last one.Now there is no way to sign in.

"Thanks to the recent update, I can't even get into my accounts.  This product was poor before, now it's useless.  I just tried their online customer support, totally useless.  Don't bother with trying to set up a new id, that does not work either"

Booooo!!!

The app consistently crashes when attempting to take a picture of my receipts using my 4S with ios7. I would love it if this was fixed so I can throw paper receipts away.

Can't login anymore ... I had to install r2 on my desktop to get mobile to work and now this update broke it.

"Seems like every time they update the app there is a new issue. This time, like many other users, when I try to login in it says login failure. I have tried everything that the troubleshooting suggests but nothing is working. Obviously an app problem."

"Installed the update now I can't even login. Big fail, loved the app before."

Updated hoping it would fix the issue where the mobile app counts each line item in a split transaction at least twice.  This seems to only happen in pending transactions as once the transaction clears the bank the ending balance will correct.  Spent hours on support chat with the non-thinking techs.  All they can do is cut and paste from a script.  If you don't like that script they just cut and paste  from another.   But after the update I cannot get logged on to the mobile app so I have no way of knowing if any of the bugs are fixed.  One star is too one too many for this app.  Quicken has no real competition and it shows.

"I have never used such a buggy app on an iOS device before.  I wish Apple would force Intuit to remove this app from the App Store, because every time it is upgraded some terrible happens.  After the most current upgrade, I can not longer log into my Quicken Cloud account.  I have unlinked my Quicken database and relinked it.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app on both my iPhone and iPad.  There is no clear instructions from Intuit on how to get around this problem.  Very, very frustrating."

Hello Intuit...when are you going to fix this app...a  simple sign in repair would be nice.  You lucky we are forced to give one star.

Fix the app quick or I will find another app and will not recommend this to anyone. It worked fine before. Now it is crap!! I would give zero stars if I could!!

I've changed my password some four times now and the APP 2014 still says the password is invalid ... Zero Stars ... 2013 worked fine for about two weeks before it started doing the same thing ... I'm not able to recommend the APP

Chatted with Quicken Tech Support and they couldn't figure it out.  I was able to roll back the version and got it working again.  I will wait for a bit to update it again.

"Thanks to the recent update, I can't even get into my accounts.  This product was poor before, now it's useless"

App rarely connects to all the accounts upon update. First you spend 10 minutes trying to update the app settings. Then you are forced to go back to the desktop versions try to fix - only to realize everything works fine there. Only use if in dire straights and are happy with the random roulette of info that actually updates

"I've tried every year thinking, ""Surely they sync with my Mac now??"" Nope, apparently only windows users would want to use an iPad app. Idiots. PS, I'd give no stars if possible..."

I downloaded the latest update. Now I can't log on the cloud. I see others on the live site saying the same. The mobile cloud/ app service is unreliable. FIX IT!

This application would be great if you could rely on it. I am currently unable to sign into the app.  I contacted quicken support last night and they said it is a known issue.  Since I am unable to use the app I would not recommend the app or quicken 2014.

Fix it so it will work then you will have a higher rating.

It would certainly help if this app could add and subtract correctly. Often it's totals are victim of modern math. If I make a $3000 deposit in Quicken and somehow this mobile app comes up with over $6000 I start to wonder.  Has come up with off the wall numbers serve real times. If you at Quicken could convince my bank that your totals are correct that would be fantastic.  Just synced this morning and my ending balance increased by another $3000.  Wow

Can't sign in since the latest update.

"Installed 1.2.0, and not able to log in on my iTouch anymore. Called tech support, and if I hadn't hung up after a half hour I would probably be still talking today. Tech support is a joke from intuit, and always has been. The people in tech support haven't a clue as to how the software works, and appear to be reading page for page in how to trouble shoot the problem. They do not acknowledge that the new app update is the problem. Best fix if you install this app update and it doesn't allow you to log in IF YOU INSTALLED FROM YOUR IPHONE OR TABLET, is to delete the app from your iPhone or tablet, sync your device with your desktop iTunes, and if you had the old version if this app in iTunes, you will have the old version back on your device. Do not online update this app in iTunes, as you will lose the old version, that is still buggy, but at least lets you log on."

"This app was working fine on my iPad 1 before the latest update.  After the update, it shuts down as soon as I try to start the application.  I can't even get to the login screen."

Before the latest update it was 3 star worthy.  Now I cannot log in.  Wasted a lot of time back and forth on login resets.  This thing is broken.

Once again Intuit has dropped the ball and sold us into a system filled with flaws.  What a bunch of amateurs.  Do not download the latest bug fix. Creates an even worse situation.

"But it's not. Modifies budgets for no reason, removes categorizes, etc."

Still uses an iOS 6 keyboard. Frequently fails to link to banks with correct log in information and doesn't offer possible reasons for the failure. Updates too frequently and unnecessarily causes the user to have to sit and wait to use their device. Closing the app mid update potentially causes sync problems with your desktop Quicken. I have a need for this kind of software but will GOOGLE PLEASE STAND UP AND OFFER SOME COMPETITION?

So I updated the app. Synced my data from desktop to cloud. Opened the app today and it's like I'm a new user. Put in my credentials and it tells me I need to setup my account on the desktop!  This seems very amateur.

The App is great but I need the current balance of my account along with online and ending. The current balance is a necessity for me to manage my budget. PLEASE ADD CURRENT BALANCE!!!!Update: Still no current balance. Please add!!!!!

Since the most recent up date I've gotten an error when trying to log in.  Fix it please!

"Same month history only. Constant update and sync issues. Can't even view brokerage/investment accounts. Can't view budget sub-categories. Virtually every other user has same complaints, obviously Intuit doesn't read these reviews and could care less. I could go on and on but why bother; too much wrong with it to list. A pathetic effort from a huge company. One star only because zero stars not an option."

Since the update the app is coming up as portrait rather than landscape on my iPad. Please fix...

"I recently purchased Quicken Essentials for my Mac, and figured this companion app would just work.. It does not. Why is there no support for mac users!? You can't expect to release a product on an iPhone or iPad and not offer support for mac!! This seems like an issue that should have been fixed a long time ago..."

"This would have been better promoted as a ""FLASH! Here is a quick peek of things to come"".  It needs some serious help a little testing.The User Interface shows promise, but there are way too many issues with the sync'ing, uploading and downloading.I look forward to providing a review of a future release, where I can get a much better rating.  This version was a huge waste of my time!"

"Just updated to Q14 on desktop and followed up with this app. App user ID and P/W, at first, was not working. Once I figured out that Q14 was needed, and required a password reset, it works as well as Q13 on all 3 of of my portable devices. Very useful while on the go. App lacks an ability to transfer between accounts, but that's outweighed with syncing other items on the go, even though syncing still takes a couple minutes to complete. I haven't tried the photo receipt feature yet, so we'll see.  In today's fraud rich environment, the Q14 app helps you keep tabs on your accounts - an added bonus."

"Upgraded for the receipt capability on a mobile device. However it takes too long to capture the data, so I don't bother. The receipt data has to be manually entered, there is no OCR, or matching the date with the receipt.Also, since upgrading I'm having issues with getting data from my bank. App keeps stating my password is incorrect, even though it works on my desktop."

I was initially excited about being about to see my projected cash flow in my iPhone but no such luck. I can see future checks but not a running talley of my balance off to the side like you see when using quicken on your computer. This app is no different than what my bank offers. C'mon intuit!  Get with it!  This app could use some serious improvement!!!!

"Just updated to Q14 on desktop and followed up with this app. App user ID an P/W not working, even though that was set up. Q2013 and its app was great."

"Reset my pass word several times (from within the app) and app still says it's wrong. Also having major issues with Quicken 2014 on my PC. Intuit, you will get no more of money and if you're reading this, you should do the same."

"Don't bother with this! Very unreliable. This should be a complete embarrassment to Intuit! It worked for a while on my iPhone 4S and iPad. Then one morning, all the balances were completely different from my PC on both my iPhone and iPhone. Every device had completely different data! This does not even look like an honest effort from Intuit to get this right."

Has never worked and quicken is no help

I was excited about the photo receipt option. Every time I go to use it the app crashes.

"The application is working very good in all around, but we would like to see the bill section in the mobile app. Also it would be great to have the option to include cks number."

"D-....The concept is great, but the execution falls flat. There are two issues, one minor and one major issue. The major issue is that the balance on the app is 70-80% of the time inaccurate. I'm not sure from where or how it calculates the balance.  Pressing refresh will give you a different balance, which seldom reflects the balance on the desktop. The second issue, minor in comparison, is that the photo option to capture your receipts freezes indefinitely. You have to remove the app and re-download it.  In the month I've been using the app, this feature has never worked despite re-downloading it numerous times because it freezes up, so you are unable to use the app."

"Am a longtime user of intuit software, back to very first Quicken version. I am essentially happy with Quicken desktop and TurboTax desktop. This app, however, is useless. Cannot find a way to view past transactions prior to date I configured app on IPad ?? Support is useless. Setup is easy, though if I cannot see transactions from the time period I want, no reason to have the app"

"I actually was using the 2008 version of Quicken on my old PC. I loved it. Then I became chronically ill, so I thought using Quicken on my iPad would be amazing since I could just pop info in as it was happening...easy peasy. No such luck. This ap, while some are saying it's ""good for a first try"", IS NOT GOOD FOR MUCH. I thought how great it would be just to have an updated account balance on the go, but THE ONE THING I wanted from this ap is just not built in!! It really seems like with all the functionality of Quicken, it's the very least you could expect. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!"

This app turned me off as it requires Quicken 2014 in Windows.  I am not Windows fan but only Macs.

Quicken always wants to know why I don't want to update every time I do it takes three or four weeks to get it fixed. Any kind of help is nonexistent no matter who you call or try to call or email. Been  with Quicken since 1998 Quicken works fine once you get the quirks work out of it.

"Failure. Went from Q12 the bought Q13 never installed it due to many software issues, bought Zander installed AFTER I DID MY 2013 taxes. what I pos the software and app are. Don't trust using the app it produces bad data, just so many issues mentioned by other reviews. Do ur taxes before u trust and install q14.Their is nothing in the app that is useful. For bank information use ur Bank app to get accurate information. Quicken 14 app is totally useless, sometimes even doubles your numbers."

A good companion app. I don't want the full blown quicken on my smart phone. However was excited about attaching receipts so I can quit with paper but it locks up the phone.  Thus the one star.

"App works for most things but take a picture of a receipt locks or crashes the app 99.9% of the time. For a ""touted"" feature you'd think they'd get this one right...."

"Photo receipt doesn't work, app closes, receipt not stored"

The App is great but I need the current balance of my account along with online and ending. The current balance is a necessity for me to manage my budget. PLEASE ADD CURRENT BALANCE!!!!

Seems to work as advertised. No problems installing or using on IOS 6.

"Just added receipt capture link which doesn't work, locks up app  and buttons on receipt capture don't work have to force close app. Whole 2014 upgrade has been a painful mess on pc as well. Avoid if you can - not worth $ or frustration"

"POS and a waste of an evening. These reviews are kind. I've been a Quicken customer for over 7 years. This app is unusable and can't even show my investment accounts?!  Hello Quicken, pick up the phone. It's the 1980s calling!"

"I find this to be more of a primer of what's possible, rather than a finished solution.  For example, you can only look at the income/expense side of your finances, not your investments nor other assets/liabilities.  Reporting is very limited in its format (e.g., no ""memo"" displayed on the expense report - you have to drill into individual items to see the memo, despite there being plenty of available ""real estate"" on the tablet report to display it).One other frustration point is that I have an annual ""bill pay"" expense in November, so when I log into the app, the default view of the reports is for the latest entries, so the initial reports show June through November of 2014 (instead of January through June), and the November transaction shows up ""first"" and ""predominantly"" on all reports.I think with some configurable options this application holds a lot of promise  Im hopeful for more functionality and options/settings soon!"

"I bought 2014 in part to use this app. Was so excited to keep up to date and manage my budget in real time. Every transaction comes up duplicated though and there's no way to delete them. This means it shows I'm over budget in every category when I'm really not. Still love desktop version but this is just lacking. Please update. I would pay for mobile version if it worked. Been using quicken since 2000, not sure why there has yet to be good mobile support."

"I have spent nearly TWO FULL DAYS on tech support trying to get this thing to work properly. Hardware is brand new on both desktop and iPod gen 5. Many, many, many iterations of deleting cloud data, deleting app, refreshing, yada, validating data on desktop, reinstalling app, resyncing to cloud, and on and on. The simple thing of both the mobile and desktop quicken showing the same ending balance for a checking acccount seems to be beyond it's capabilities. In this case, it appears to be related to writing a check for a loan payment. If I write the check, and categorize it to something like ""Misc"", no problem. The mobile app will synch properly and show correct balance for checking account. But, If I write the check properly, with a split categorization between the loan principal, and interest, the desktop balance shows correctly. But the mobile balance indicates a reduction by twice the amount of the check. Even thought he mobile transaction register shows the correct amount for the check, it reduces the balance by double!!!  Enought time wasted on this junk."

Accounts don't sync correctly (account amounts on the app don't agree with my PC). Cannot do transfers. Quicken should be ashamed of this app.

"Log in is easy if you follow the apps instructions. You have to sync your desktop with the app before logging in. I have Home and Business and do not see any Business on the app. So, that's where it's not great. Would love to be able to update business expenses on the go via phone. Maybe it's there and I'm just unfamiliar with the app. Bottom line, it does what it needs to do for simple bank account transaction input."

"Syncs well with desktop app. I use it to record expenses on the go, it works pretty well ( as opposed to all negative comments here )"

But the camera is worthless. The only way I can get out of the camera mode is to delete the app and then re-download it. No problem signing in.

"No matter what I try, I cannot log onto this app even though I own Q14 and have an intuit online account.Frustrating and not worth the effort."

Wanted to link up with the computer at home to stay on track.  Could not even log in.  Even reset my password and it continued to tell me my log in failed.  Awful!

"Top spending categories; tax, more tax and mortgage interest. Very useful. How about letting us push a customized report to the iPad, or more than one for that matter rather than showing these useless categories. Also showing the top amount for a split is useless. For example I see 'parking' as several hundred dollars because it's a split in my monthly maintenance fee and should only be a few dollars. This app is barely worth the name."

"Like so many others, I installed quicken 2014, set up for mobile, and tried to log on to my iPad.  Said incorrect logon. Even went thru process to change password. Will let me logon to buy Quicken I already have but no mobile access. Deleted the app as worthless"

App locks up every time I try to use the camera seems to be a common problem no sure why it has not been fixed. Logging in is not a problem once you set it up properly

"I was hesitant to try this app after reading all the negative reviews, but I decided to go ahead anyway. Maybe I'm just lucky, but it works beautifully for me. Synchronization across three devices is flawless, split transactions are handled perfectly, etc. I'll give it five stars when two more capabilities or edit: The ability to at least reflect investment accounts, if not add transactions; and the ability to handle multiple accounts without completely separate sign-ins."

"I've been using this for about a week. I was concerned because of the low rating, but I have not had any problems using it. It updates from Wells Fargo wonderfully. I love that when cash is spent it can be accounted for using this. I hope it helps me curb our family's spending habits!"

I was getting ready to stop using Quicken altogether until I saw Q14 came with mobile app. Worst mistake ever. I should have saved my $60.00 I cannot log into mobile app even though I can get into it on PC.  I went to preference as one reviewer Suggested. Whoops. It kicks me out of Q14 on PC completely.  I use to use quicken. I hope they fix it.  Oh the stress.Now Q14 keeps crashing on my desktop.  I want my money back.

"The app does sync your transactions between your PC and Mobile.  However, the ending mobile balances don't always match your pc ending balances in Quicken 2014.  Very frustrating to do cash flow planning when the difference between the PC and mobile are off by hundreds of dollars.  And yes, I have tried to contact support...I have reset my cloud data...and even started with a brand new quicken account...only 90 days of transactions!!!  Very disappointed!!!Update: I was able to figure out that the ending balance difference is somehow linked to any pending activity reported from a checking account.  With no pending activity, the app seems to balance fine.  A significant bug none the less since I depend on an accurate ending balance for forecasting cash flow."

I was getting ready to stop using Quicken altogether until I saw Q14 came with mobile app. Worst mistake ever. I should have saved my $60.00 I cannot log into mobile app even though I can get into it on PC.  I went to preference as one reviewer Suggested. Whoops. It kicks me out of Q14 on PC completely.  I use to use quicken. I hope they fix it.  Oh the stress.

Sure it was a bit unintuitive to setup but it wasn't THAT hard. The system works very well!  Suddenly access to our budget and finances are truly at our fingertips!

"Works fine, except for not being able to sync with my bank that has an additional identification step Quicken doesn't allow for.  Mainly I'm disappointed with how it works. Doesn't show me my current balance as I've entered it. Won't allow me to split new transactions in app. No way to load or show unreconciled entries only.  Shows old categories I've selected to be hidden on desktop.  Overall, a disappointment.  I'll probably delete it and go back to my other checkbook app."

"Thanks YET AGAIN for not throwing a bone to the Apple community.  Makes all those years when I faithfully bought two or three copies of TurboTax a year feel SO WELL worth the loyalty.  Never again, boys and girls. This thing will be gone before this review sees the light of day!!"

I have been a Quicken PC user for almost 20 years. It is a great program. I have been waiting for a reasonable iPhone iPad app. Still waiting. This app is an extremely light and limited version of the full program.

Dont waste yourtime with this pathetic little app that doesnt show you your complete quicken file so it therefore presents incomplete and misleading info.

"Upgraded from 2013 which worked great, now I can't log on to 2014 or 2013 either. Screwed again! Fix it Intuit!"

"Haven't had any bugs when working on an iPhone 5 with iOS 7. There are a few things I don't like about the program itself. It's a great idea to be able to take a pic of your receipt and add it to your records right away. But, if you add it manually right after your purchase, it doesn't reconcile it with the bank's records when the purchase is finalized through the bank. And there doesn't seem to be a way to connect the work you've already done with the banks charges other than deleting your manual addition and redoing all the work you did before. You would just have to wait until the purchase is finally confirmed by the bank before you add a receipt. But why add the ability to add receipts on the mobile app if I have to wait and do it at a later date? I could just use a scanner and copy all my receipts at once for that. Doesn't really seem as useful as it did when I first got the app. Also doesn't update pending transactions. Don't really understand a need for an app that shows all of your accounts in one place, but still have to go to your bank or credit card app to see your actual updated account with pending transactions to get a good idea as to how much money you have. Wouldn't be complaining if it were just my account, but when you add in family members cards/accounts, it would be good to know updated info instead of having to wait a few days to see purchases hit the app. Really love the idea of this app. But it seems there are still a few things it could work on."

"I see the occasional review saying no login problems if you first properly enable mobile apps from within quicken 2014. Well I did that (including syncing my quicken accts with quicken cloud) and the app login fails every time. I confirmed user name and reset password a couple times (btw, the security question was different than the one I set, so that's a bug too). It's a theme with quicken -- not user friendly. Time to put your software in the cloud where it should be so it's accessible and do away with these complications. Stuck in the past."

"Almost didn't download it after reading so many crappy reviews.  Glad I did it anyway!  As a mobile support to the desktop app, this is perfect.  No problems loading, viewing and updating records or syncing.  No bugs or downsides that I've seen yet.  Perfect for monitoring my budget adherence on the fly, which was my primary need on the mobile side... And being able to attach the receipt is a cool feature.  Love it!"

"I would use this app all the time, but for the following issues/missing features:1.  Passwords seem to get lost often... I have to re login to quicken every couple if days, and not sure why... For me, having instant access to view/update is critical, so having to log in again every couple days is a big nuisance .1b.  On that same note, I keep having to reset my bank/cc cloud passwords... Now this could be a bank issue, but if so, quicken should provide prompts (like I think one if my banks occasionally presents a captcha challenge, which screws things up, but quicken shoul somehow accommodate this case).2.  The receipt capture via camera is awesome except the app hangs 80% of the time.  I notice that it often freezes when I first get into the app, presumably because the app is refreshing.  The app should 1) allow the user to get in/out of the app quickly without forcing a refresh, as this takes too long then for cases involving photo inch receipts, and 2) if photo inch receipts is so memory intensive that it freezes the app, then the app should somehow accimodate this.3.  It shows me ALL My accounts , including closed accounts... Related to this, you should be able to filter the mobile view... For instance, I put business expenses under a different class, so I'd like my default view to be filtered by class.There are other issues, but those above prevent me from using the app multiple times a day... I would use this all the time if I could capture receipts and see a real time view within seconds... Right now the issues above make going in to the app a two+ minute experience.  You figure out how to make this a lightening quick transaction took and this is a five star app for me"

"1. Make sure you are setup with a Quicken ID under Quicken 14. I started with a brand new id. None of which I had used ever before in the past.2. Go into Quicken and setup mobile alerts and cloud sync. It should work at this point when you sync.I did have an issue where the cloud sync was working fine on the desktop. However, on the app, my Citi Cards were not synching. It basically did not recognize my username/password. What I did is I went back to the desktop and deleted those two cards and re-syched with the cloud. Then I added those two accounts back (by checking the box) and re-typing the correct passwords in. It synched fine!Give it a shot and let me know."

"The mobile versions and their cloud are not worth my time and you shouldn't bother with it.  I was seriously hoping all the negative reviews were simply the disgruntled masses.  However, it appears that they were correct.  Don't attempt to get help from intuit either.  They will comment on your question then close the comment as if they fixed the problem.  One star because they will not let you comment with zero stars."

"I have been able to log in on two, maybe three of my countless attempts.  I had read about the need for syncing prior to trying to use the app, so I knew to do that from my PC.  Then after my first successful log-in followed numerous failed log-ins, resetting passwords, etc.  Too frustrating for words.  What a waste of time!  Attaching the receipt to the transaction is a brilliant idea, but if one is unable to log in, it is useless.  Come on, Intuit, did you test this before releasing it?  I've removed it from my mobile device."

First of all don't try to upgrade app from Quicken 14 on your computer. Just delete old app and load 2014. Sign in worked fine but taking photos of receipts within the app locks up the app almost every time. Don't think it was truly ready for release. Needs a lot of work.

"You have to open a Quicken ""Cloud"" account on your PC before you can log in with the mobile apps. On the right hand, upper side of the task bar in Quicken there is ""Mobile and Alerts"". Click on that and it will ask you to setup a ""cloud"" account. Then you will be able to use the same username and password to log in from the mobile apps. I did this and it is working flawlessly. I have both iPhone and iPad apps and they both have synced just fine with my Quicken Cloud account. I would give it 5 stars if there were more guidance on how to get the mobile apps up and synced with the PC. The mobiIe help website that is on the ""Quick Answers"" sheet that came with the PC program also is not available. I was fortunate enough to stumble on to doing it this way. Also, be sure you have the latest update to the PC Quicken program installed."

"The app does sync your transactions between your PC and Mobile.  However, the ending mobile balances don't always match your pc ending balances in Quicken 2014.  Very frustrating to do cash flow planning when the difference between the PC and mobile are off by hundreds of dollars.  And yes, I have tried to contact support...I have reset my cloud data...and even started with a brand new quicken account...only 90 days of transactions!!!  Very disappointed!!!"

Just recently upgraded to the 2014 version. It works great on my iPad as well as my iPhone 4S. It syncs fast and is very accurate.

It has been a month since I could access any of my accounts.Why would a company put out a product like this? Why does it take so long to fix it? I guess they just don't care.

"I first failed to login, and had to find a hidden menu in the app to activate cloud syncing. After logging, I noticed that all foreign currency accounts don't sync. Also the app crashes when trying to take a picture of receipts, and has very limited capability to inquire or enter individual transactions.The app is completely useless to me and will be deleted immediately. I don't know when intuit will start listening to its customers."

I purchased this app and upgraded to 2014 only for the receipt image technology and my app crashes every time I take a snapshot of a receipt to add it into a transaction.  I'm on 4s.  Don't buy yet.  Toooooo buggy right now and not worth it.

Sure like the feature of photoing receipts and categorizing expenses from smart phone.  Among problems: app shows all my old hidden accounts taking time to sync with each opening. Lots of wasted time.

Intuit needs to refund all purchasers since this feature does not work... cannot even logon! Come on!

Intuit for all it's experience in finance should be ashamed of this piece of garbage. Do not release soft wear until you have tested for at least 2 months. This app is buggy. Photo feature freezes and no fix in sight.

"The login issue is due to users not setting up cloud services in the Desktop version. Some people don't like the ""cloud"" so it's turned off by default. There is a delay in syncing the accounts after adding them on the desktop. This is my first time buying Quicken, purchased from Costco for $29.99. Best price out there."

Crashes each time trying to take a photo of a receipt. Unable to log into my Wells Fargo account using the same credentials that work in a browser

"Installed quicken 14, installed the app in 20min. All works fine! Starting to use now. Would like more abilities to enter expense reports."

It is ridiculous for Intuit to continue to ignore their Mac customers.

The app will not work properly with Bank of America accounts. Has been a problem since Oct. 2013. Quicken simply blames BofA and is doing nothing to fix it. Totally worthless app if you have accounts with BofA. Don't waste your time.

"I upgraded to 2014, and after all my bookkeeping was entered, then I went to the mobile tab and created the quicken cloud account. All good so far. I logged in with no problem. Then the problem. The balances in the app do not match those in quicken.  Instead, they have the balances as shown by the banks of the various accounts.I suppose the is some value with having that all in one place, but as far as I can see, that isn't syncing with my quicken desktop. :(I found another balance for checking ""ending balance"" but that number does not match what is shown in quicken.  For credit cards it showed ""available credit"" instead of ""ending balance""."

"Works great IF you set it up.  See preferences menu and the Mobile and Alerts tab.  Very, very, nice app"

"There are a number of reviews that say this doesn't work, it does work but it is both slow when you do get it configured and it is very time consuming to configure. I finally set up my iPad interface by first configuring Quicken with no access to any accounts.  Once the iPad could connect to my Quicken account then I could give my iPad access to the accounts, one or two at a time. This ""system"" is difficult to set up.  At best I could say that this is still in beta, it has promise, but still needs work in design, development and testing."

I give this app 4 stars instead of 5 because it was a huge pain in the behind to find the fixes to the quirks of this app. Signing in: You must go into your Quicken 2014 software and enable mobile/cloud there before the app will let you sign in.Photos of receipts: Location services must be enabled for the app in order to prevent it from freezing at the photo screen.

"Primary reason for purchasing was to store receipts. Would ask for refund, but spent 54 minutes on hold trying to use my online backup when I purchased a new computer. Intuit - I'm disappointed .... You guys should excel in this!"

At this point App is useless. I can't get my Bank accounts to Sync. Getting CC-501 error.I wish Intuit would come up with a fix. I've used Quicken for so many years.

"I have to admit, intuit made a great update with quicken 2014 (upgrade from 2011) and this ios app.  I had been bummed for awhile over their lack of innovation and changing parts of the software that I loved.  The only two issues with this app I currently have is the time the app takes to sync, even over wifi and the inability to split a transaction as you create it.  To split a transaction you have to create it and then re-enter to find the split option."

"Suddenly this app no longer recognizes my log in ID or password. Several attempts to reset them failed. Forget about trying to contact ""Customer Support"". It doesn't exist!"

Why do they even have this as an iPhone app when the only platform it will work with is windows.

"Spent 30 minutes trying to log in...changed password & confirmed change both on website & Desktop app & still no go on phone...will keep app on phone for 24 hours to see if there is some sort of lag, but will uninstall if problem persists...disappointing..."

"It's mind boggling that a company would put out software that is not ready for prime time. The bugs on 2014 are debilitating. After 10+ Years of loyalty to Quicken, this will be the last time I purchase Quicken."

"I'm using an iPhone 4S with the latest iOS and have found the app to be very limited. One of the features I use on the desktop is split transactions, when creating a new transaction with the app you cannot split it.I also have tried to save receipt pictures and have had it lock the app up every time after it takes the photo and when I try and tell it to save the photo. I also am not impressed with the speed or performance of syncing day at from the desktop to the cloud. Very unimpressed!"

"Program will not recognize my bank login information. Continues to ask me to login to my bank to ""fix"" the problem. I successfully log in to my bank but a m still unable to access the account using the Quicken 2014 app. Useless app until that issue can be resolved."

"I agree with other reviewers that the log in process is somewhat ""non-intuitive"" but does work (at least mine did, but I had to reset my existing password I believe that not all Intuit services use the same password rules, even though they do all accept the same log in I say this because I normally use very long complicated passwords generated by a password safe, and that seems to work for some Intuitive products and not others my solution was to use a shorter password).I really enjoy the features offered by this app (they are far better that those offered by my banks app), but the option to photograph receipts locks up the app on my phone, with no way out! I may need to reinstall, or wait for an upgrade. Not sure what happens with this feature on the iPad, Im afraid to try it!"

"This app is worse than worthless -- it will actually subtract value from your life. I suffered through the horrible roll-out of Quicken Desktop 2013 and Quicken Mobile 2013, with the broken features, data corruption, and sync errors. Over a year later and once again I discovered that the desktop and mobile account totals weren't matching, but read a magazine review that said at the very least those problems were cleaned up in the 2014 version. What a fool I was. Same sync problems. I cannot tell you how much of my time and productivity have been lost dealing with this nonsense. I hope some enterprising company recognizes that there is an opportunity here to utterly annihilate Intuit, a company that deserves to be eradicated and then forgotten. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP AND FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM INTUIT, EVER. They are beyond incompetent and utterly hostile to their customers. The only reason I gave this app only one star is that zero isn't an option."

second time trying this app (Q13) still does nothing usefull

"2013 wasn't all that impressive, so I upgraded and couldn't wait to snap photos of my receipts. So far, this app just crashes on the load up screen. Big thumbs down."

Useless.  Also cannot log into my bank although I can on the bank website.  Zero stars.

...this app is full of bugs and has no support. User have been complaining online since October that the app hangs when taking photos. Intuit's response? Nothing. The company is joining my list of companies I love to hate.

Don't bother installing.

"Syncing is a nightmare. If they would have kept as a sync between desktop and mobile devices would have been great. But it also accesses your banking and credit card accounts, so I get duplicate and orphaned transactions in my desktop version. Another reason I dont like the app is because the information it shows is useless.  Great, I can see the transactions for banking and credit card accounts.  And it shows me how much I earned and spent.  And it shows me how much I am over and under my budget for the current month.And basically, thats it. No customization for a group of months or a different month.  No selection of accounts, just each and every one together.  Gives me alerts that tell me about high spending, but they are average for each month.  No graphing capability on the iPhone version.And of course, all your investment, liability and asset accounts are just ignored by Quicken.So my question to Intuit iswhats the point of this app?"

So disappointed. Wasted $70 upgrading because I want to see actual balance synced from desktop. I see the online balance which I could get from my bank's app. i do see uncleared transactions but not the available balance (online minus uncleared). So much potential wasted. Been using Quicken so long 10 years and still have to do manual workarounds.

So far I've found this App working seamlessly with Quicken 2014 on my computer allow it took a while to get my computer to set up the accounts in the Cloud. Recommended improvements:1. Allow the App to remember my login name. Even the Apps from my banks remember login names so why can't Quicken. Having to retype my login name each time I go into the App is burdensome and time consuming. 2. Better instructions about how to set up including how to include budgets.

"Easiest app to work with and all tx at fingertips. Love the snap receipt option. Logging in was breeze.Just remember you need to log into your bank as well. Information for any questions was easily found on web.  Great job, developers!"

"Followed the instructions - desktop first and absolutely no issues. Bank, desktop, iPad and iPhone all synced perfectly the first time."

Having same problems as many others with the app freezing or quitting when trying to add picture to a transaction. This is the main purpose in my case for using this app. I am able to use an existing photo from the phone. Another problem is only being able to add one image per transaction via the app whereas I can add multiple images in the desktop version of quicken. Needs to be fixed as soon as possible otherwise there is very little utility to having the cloud/app.

I got logged in on my ipad only to be taken to their website -- no app.The ipad app will not recognize my log in information.The only reason I upgraded my desktop app was so I could sync with my iPhone and iPadWish I could rate it a zero.  Only good part is that I got the upgrade for half off

Excited about this app but just playing with it for the first time I discovered you can lock yourself out with the camera function. I'm stick and the app is not useable.

"I was reluctant to install app on my iPad 3 due to the number of bad reviews.  However, I did anyway.  I found NO issues with app using it with a WiFi connection... Glad I installed it."

Would not recognize password even after syncing. Had to reset password online. App freezes every time I take a pic of a receipt. Have to delete app and reinstall just to unfreeze the app. Very poor app and I'm regretting my upgrade to 2014 already!

"Configured it in my Quicken 14 on my computer.  Installed the app on my two tablets and as soon as I logged in on each of my tablets, the information was synced.  No problems what-so-ever!"

It always freezes after I take a picture to store with my receipts. Also lists many transactions as Charity.

"It's not Quicken and it's not Mint.  It looks like Mint but only shows spending categories.  It shows categories you can customize like Quicken.  No investment support whatsoever.  Questionable whether Quicken will ever ""get it"" again like it did when it was destroying Microsoft Money. No competition now..."

Been using it for a short time. Login was seamless- then again I knew my username and password. Taking pics of receipts is going to be handy. Adding transactions as they happen could save a lot if time.  Not sure what the fuss is about.need ability to split transactions. Get it done quicken. This is basic functionality.

This app has a lot of problems. Doesnt sign in. Crashes all the time on iPhone. Not worth installing.

I was wanting an ap that you can enter items on the go that would sync with my desktop. This does the job flawlessly. I can enter transactions as I make them and save a pic of the receipt if I want to. I can later go to my computer and everything is there. Also it works the other way as well. Enter it on your desktop and it's on your device next time you open it. Once I downloaded the ap I went on my computer and set up the cloud. It has worked flawlessly. I've been waiting for this for too long. Finally it's available.

I have had a quicken and intuit account for four years and now that they market their new app...you cannot even login...worthless!

I only upgraded Quicken so I could have this mobile sync of my accounts. At first it did sync but the numbers were never accurate. Now after an app update I cannot login any longer. I reset everything. I feel cheated and I want my upgrade money refunded. This should be a class action lawsuit in the making. Totally worthless.

"I have been using the Quicken app on my computer for years. The mobile companion app is a very good addition. I honestly do not understand the reviews that people are providing on this app - either they do not understand the purpose of this app - or have never done any budgeting in their life beforeThe app provides the most valuable component - as in analyzing the data in tablet/smartphone variation. You do need to understand that this is a *companion* app - it will not work without the PC app. Also - do not be surprised that it takes sometime to fetch data from your bank accounts - it's just an automated way of fetching data, instead of you logging in manuallyKeep up the great work guys - I am genuinely impressed with this app"

What's the point if you can't actually make any changes? Several transactions need massaging as they are miscategorized or ghost entries (0 value transactions). I still need the PC for clean up. It would be even better if they fixed the core issues but I'm not holding my breath after waiting 5 years on their PC version.

I like it so far but I would love to see bill reminders on the app.

Not sure why this app has such low reviews.  Worked flawlessly for me.  Love it!!

"When I first began using the app, the receipt photo functionality caused the app to freeze. This can be resolved by shutting your phone down and restarting. Intuit could make troubleshooting easier by providing easy to search info on their website. Took way too long to find this answer!"

Took me awhile to figure it out.  Be sure to go to the mobile and alerts tab on your computer and follow instructions before signing in on your phone or tablet.

I tried to get my passwrd to match up with my PC/iPhone and I found I had to register the 2014 Quicken and then it would work. Try it if you have not already done that

I can't get passed the login screen.  Even after resetting my password 3 times.  Useless.  Keep working Intuit.  It seems you rolled this out before you were ready.

Works easily. Bodes well for paying better attention to finances in the coming year.

Have not been able to connect to ANY of my accounts...EVER!Not even once.The 2013 version worked; this one is a useless piece of crap!!!The people that designed this one should not only be ashamed but completely embarrassed.Thank you for less than nothing

Thus far I have changed my password 6 times and verified that it works with the website but each time I try to log I on Quicken 2014 app I get a message saying user name and password are incorrect. This software is not even worth ONE star!!!

"Intuit, you tricked us into upgrading to 2014 so we could have a mobile version but I don't believe you delivered.  The features are so limited (can't even do splits from the mobile app) and it crashes every time I try to attach a receipt using the camera.  I used Quicken '99 for nearly 10 years without issue.  Then you started finding ways to force us to upgrade (no account downloads, can't import into TurboTax) the least you can do is give us something worth while for our continued support. Pleas update the mobile app and fix the bugs and deficiencies!"

"Update-I worked with support and we fixed this issue. We needed to delete the app from the mobile devices, unlink the cloud data, and the relink to the cloud. I obtained very good support via the phone and would recommend you do the same if you have this problem.-------------------My login details are correct and confirmed but I cannot update from citi.com since 12/21. I am able to connect using Quicken 2014 for Windows. Not able to update with the mobile app for my iPad or with the app for my iPod Touch. I can login to citi.com from either of the mobile apps when using the ""fix it"" interface but the same credentials fail when re-entered in the account setup interface of the mobile apps."

I see by the other reviews I am not the only one with this problem .

Useless app. It was a mistake to upgrade to 2014.

"I didnt have the problems others had with signing up and syncing.  I started by syncing via my desktop app, then setup as a current user on my iPhone and iPad.  The process went smoothly and works every time.The reason I dont like the app is because the information it shows is useless.  Great, I can see the transactions for banking and credit card accounts.  And it shows me how much I earned and spent.  And it shows me how much I am over and under my budget for the current month.And basically, thats it. No customization for a group of months or a different month.  No selection of accounts, just each and every one together.  Gives me alerts that tell me about high spending, but they are average for each month.  No graphing capability on the iPhone version.And of course, all your investment, liability and asset accounts are just ignored by Quicken.So my question to Intuit iswhats the point of this app?"

". . . and really never used it because it wasn't very friendly or useful.  Intuit claimed that most of the improvements in Q2014 were in the cloud and mbile app.  Looks like that was a whopper. I haven't tried the receipts photo part of the app yet, but I have a strong feeling that my scanner at home is going to be a much easier approach than trying to get this buggy mobile app to synch."

Another junk app from the arrogant folks at Intuit.  Don't waste your time.

"Like so many others, I am unable to sign in on the ap. The ap says ""Sign in failed. Please check your Intuit ID and password"". I have confirmed both of these but still cannot sign in. With this many people having the same issue, I hope that Intuit will respond and get this corrected. Oh and I have set up syncing on the desktop, so that's not the issue."

It is not as good as Mint.com. The only reason I purchased Quicken 14 was so I could use the iPad app since Mint still has some problems. I uploaded my data from my PC to the  quicken cloud and only partial payees names are imported and the categories where not imported properly and you have to change them one at a time and you can't add category's.Don't waste your money. Quicken needs to focus on fixing the bugs in Mint and make that their primary product. I have been a Quicken PC users since 1998 but they must keep up with the times and make a workable mobile solution. Disappointed to say the least.

"This app, and for that matter, the parent app, doesn't like credit union and/or other multi level security set ups.  Finding the simplest thing and counting on accurate info, near impossible. I updated the parent app for this and I really wish I hadn't. It will be a long time before I upgrade again, when all it does is create problems :(."

Besides the bugs this doesn't half of what i need it to do.  The graphs and such should be icing on the cake - but instead are the whole show.

Had to change my password 3 times. Still can't log in

"The other reviews are correct, this thing fails to get account passwords correct and can't sync. This is happening with Bank of America no less, one the biggest banks there is. You would think Intuit would be all over this, but instead it's been going on for what seems like forever. Then there is the strange choice of arranging accounts by balance that ends up making each viewing a new search for what you are looking for. Has anyone mentioned the unfathomable lack of investment or loan balances  that are present in the desktop version? Want something that actually works? Try Personal Capital, it does what Quicken should do."

After not bring able to log in to mobile app I figured it out. Go to computer and open quicken 14. Go to tabs at top and click on mobile & alerts. Fill out some info and it syncs to app. Easy!!!  So far so good after being able to log in. Nice app!!!!

Clearly Intuit didn't spend much in time or resources on this app.  It crashes almost every time I try to attach a photo to a transaction.  Found several other bugs throughout.  This app is not ready for prime time yet.

"If you are entering a transaction on the go using this app, and the app can't communicate with the server temporary, it says it can't communicate with the server and offers no RETRY button.  As soon as you acknowledge the communication issue app deletes your Quicken account credentials and you have to resetup the app.  This happens often and severaly impacts the utility of this app."

"Used Q2013 for a year.  Seamlessly sync'd transactions, balances, budgets.  Yes more functionality on the desktop than mobile app, but I was always confident in the data.  With Q2014 desktop is same as 2014, but sync is terrible.   Balances are different, budgets are different.   Now it is next to worthless.  And why did Quicken decide to no longer keep pending transactions on top in 2014?   So much more convenient than keeping them with the date...   Yes pending are lighter black than the black of cleared transactions.   But why not a different color all together.   So disappointed in a tool that I have found so useful! This is an upgrade?   Oh, and there is no going back if you have converted your data to 2014 and added significant data since the conversion... Please fix fast!"

This app at first did not recognize my sign in. After reading faqs on intuits website I discovered you have to go on your desktop quicken first and click mobile tab and follow directions. After I did this worked like a charm. Try that guys. And change the app description to spell it out a little better.

"Had login issues initially. Turns out you can have ONE intuit ID with TWO passwords. If they don't match you cannot logon. Go to Preferences - intuit ID - change password to match, then it works."

"I want the app to look and work like a checkbook register.. Like the PC version does. It shows the ending balance based on reminders for future transactions. I don't want to see my ending balance based on transactions that haven't been entered yet. The ONLY good feature this app really has is that I can enter my register transactions as I go in my phone and then sync them to my computer. But if I want to know what is actually available in my account I still have to use another checkbook app. For a company that makes one of the best financial programs available (in my opinion), they really need to find someone who can create a better app!!"

Three times while taking a picture of a receipt it gets hung up on the picture screen and freezes and one time while entering a transaction app just closed down and when I reopened it the transaction and all the work I'd done was gone ...and I've only been using it for two days!!!

Unable to login. Not iOS 7 compatible

Like the app.  Works well.  Would like to be able to split categories.

"Many people have given this app a low rating because they can't sign-in. I had that problem also. I followed the instructions to a T. I registered on the desktop, set user name, password, etc. I even reset my password to no avail. I kept getting an error message with this app saying 'Unable to Login'. So I started checking help files. Guess what!You have to go to your desktop and click on 'Mobile and Alerts'. Follow the instructions there and this establishes your cloud account. After I did that, this app allowed me to login and enter data. Everything seems to be fine now. Nowhere is this explained in this app."

"I like the motivation behind this app. It is very convenient to see my budget as I shop. One thing I would change is I would like to have more control of what I see. For example. In my budget I have a line for rent. I do not need to see that as I am out shopping. All I want to see is how much I have for food or gifts... I don't want to scroll thru power bill, rent, electric bill and so on.  Also I do not have credit cards so it is useless to me to see ""credit debt   $0"" on the top. This just means I have to scroll down more on my already limited screen space on my phone. Thank you and please consider these points in the next update"

"Works fine except a few things. More stars when they get it better. - ending balance on checking account is wrong if there are pending transactions- no transfers- can't edit transactions, can only delete them."

"First I will say the app works as advertised. Problem is it is virtually useless. I have been a quicken user for many years. Even today, when I can access all my accounts online, it is useful to view them and their transactions, and be able to search all the accounts, in one place on quicken. However, I am rapidly leaving my PC behind and migrating all my computer work to my iPad. Quicken NEEDS a full featured iPad app to remain in the game. After all, I can fully manage my checking, credit card and brokerage accounts through their apps. Why can't quicken give me the same functionality in an app?If there isn't a fully functional quicken for iOS within the next year I may ditch quicken along with my PC for good."

After numerous attempts resetting password etc still unable to sign in. Save your money don't upgrade to 2014 version for this reason!!!!!!

Does what it says it does and with the 2014 version is much faster.

I don't understand how a company can release app when the basic function that they hype doesn't work. The app locks when you take a picture and try to use it to enter the receipt.

These guys at Intuit have been trying this iPhone Sync thing for a few years now. News flash....It stunk when they first tried it and it still stinks in 2014. Get a clue Intuit. People who watch their money don't want to invest in crap.

Username and password are correct but loggin fails every time. If I can't log in how is this app helpful?

"I really love Quicken and their products.  I upgraded to 2014 for the photo capture option.  It freezes my app, and doesn't work at all.  Hopefully a new release will fix this bug."

The app keeps taking me to intuit online....where is my stuff at? I don't want to buy more product...I spent enough money on quicken...

I upgraded to 2014 to get access to my accounts on my mobile phone.  The application won't recognize my user name and password.  I tried resetting with no luck.  So frustrating...Don't waste your money upgrading.

Just got this and it tells me my creds are wrong. In safari I go to quicken and log right in. Imagine that. I was so excited to use this app too. Majorly disappointed.

"As others have reported, says your password is incorrect. I have reset it 3 times now. Works fine on their website... Rejected in the app."

"At first I couldn't log in either. After enabling Quicken Cloud in the desktop version, log in was a smooth process. Now I can enter transactions directly from my iPhone and also take and upload a picture oft receipts. The one thing that does need to be fixed is when entering a split transaction, the amount is deducted multiple times from the balance. Therefore your running balance is inaccurate."

App does not recognize Intuit password. Called Quicken tech support for help but hung up after 35 minutes of waiting. Useless.

"No problem for me logging in once I turned that feature on within Quicken.  I had no problem attaching receipts until the last week or so. Tried 8 times in a row and it crashed without attaching.  Sync works fine. Just so want investment/net worth data to show on the app.Come on Intuit, fix this great product of yours!  My major motivation for purchase of 2014 was this app!"

Don't waste your time. Has virtually no functionality in less all you are interested in is looking at your checking account balance.

"App reports that passwords for several accounts are incorrect, even when I check and double check.  So I can't get anywhere near a complete picture regarding account balances."

"Good app but please, please, please give user the ability to split transactions manually- not just with downloaded transactions from bank. This seems to be a basic function that I can't believe you can't do it."

Can login on PC but not in app. Very disappointed. Don't buy Quicken 2014 just for the new app features.

Will not update accounts like Bank Of America and others. Same problems last two versions. Useless ...

"When I first started to use Quicken over 20 years ago I thought it was the best thing since sliced bread. Early on, the software dazzled me with innovations, conveniences and reliability that were wonderful to experience. Even their first pocket PC version of quicken was great. They have lost their edge and are living off their earlier reputation I join others in lamenting the loss of ms money. I think that competition gave them an edge. The current release is lacking in 2 areas (and more will be found later). 1. Split transactions can not be part of the original entry but must be edited later (although they can be edited within the mobile interface)2. The password recovery process for 2013 to 2014 does not work. I reset my password using the supplied interface and then copied password reset code into seed dialog box on Quicken and it told me that I was using the wrong clearance code. From what I've read on software reviews the 2013 version was viewed as being a failure even by Quicken. The 2014 version doesn't dazzle - it disappoints."

"Works as advertised.  Logged in first time without a problem using steps in the instructions to setup in Quicken 14 application.  Snapping photos of receipts works perfectly, even defaulting last used category for the payee from the desktop application.  Really nice addition, worth the upgrade to Quicken 2014."

"The app is easy to log in to (ignore what complainers say - they just don't read the instructions).  Set up the mobile syncing on your PC software (you need Q-14 for the app to work), sign in with your ID, Bob's your uncle!  Takes about 90 seconds.  After that, you have all the data on your home PC available, and you can log transactions on your phone.  Accounts are alpha by name for me, incidentally.  All I need really!"

I installed quicken in my mac and now i cant use it in my iphone.. :(

"The username & pwd at intuit does not work in this app.  Tried resetting pwd, and also using email (instead of intuit ID).  No avail."

"I'm a decades long quicken user.  I updated from 13 to 14 to get mobile access.  Unfortunately,  the software sees only one account at one institution (Wells Fargo) and none with USAA or American Express.  I've tried deleting and reloading and all manner of things... But nothing! Totally useless.  And true to form for intuit,  there is no support.  Stay away until it works!"

"I use it to keep my Quicken on my home computer synced to my iPhone, now I dont have to carry a checkbook to track debit transactions so I dont forget them.  Works great, not perfect for everything but for me it works for what I want."

"I have not upgraded to Q14 app. Largely due to my experience with the very buggy Q13 app. For example, the memo window fails to open within a transaction entry. But tapping the category box for the 2nd time opens the memo! Not up to Intuit's standard."

It is all in getting it set up correctly.

"Ignore the low reviews from people who gave up before solving their problem. Simply put, you need to setup the mobile sync on your desktop BEFORE signing in with the app. The mobile app functions perfectly fine."

Fix this!

"Just for those who were commenting on the camera crash - a search of the internet reveals many apps can have this problem fixed with a hard reset.   At least in my experience, this solved the problem with receipts being photographed crashing the program"

"Keeps signing out, sluggish sometimesAdd more functionality to the app than just a mere companion app"

Installed 2014 on the computer but I've already had a quicken account before so being a new account and not registered can't be the issue. Epic fail. One of the only reason I upgraded was to get the mobile sync! This needs to be fixed ASAP!

"I've used quicken for probably 10 or more years.  The app for v2013 was pretty good. Now I wish I hadn't upgraded to v2014. When I try to take a photo of a receipt, the app locks up"

"Purchased 2014 to upload pics like everyone else on my iPhone. Once you upgrade, you must update your computer first.  After that, go to Quickens support page & download the ""Mondo Patch Update"". Then sync your data to the quicken cloud. Then download the app to your phone & log in. This should work (it did for me- I am NOT a support tech.). Try adding your transaction with the pic of your receipt. Then sync quicken on your computer. Find the transaction. Highlight the transaction then right click and select ""attachments"".Good luck!"

"Won't let me log in, even though I have a Quicken ID and know it works.  This app is absolutely useless in its current form."

I cannot believe I paid nearly $100 to upgrade to Quicken 2014 from 2013 to use the mobile apps .  . . and it is impossible to log in to the mobile app.  I am now reinstalling the app for the THIRD time and AGAIN resetting my password.  It has not worked once.

"Upgraded to Quicken 2014 for Desktop so thought I would add this app to my iPhone. Downloaded my initial bank data correctly, but my Financial Institution does not match what my desktop has so cant update. Logged problem online at Quicken site no answer. Have called customer care for the last two days and waited on hold 25 minutes without anyone answering. Tried again and waited 40+ minutes on hold no answer. Customer care seems to match the quality of the app. I have been using Quicken since it first came out on a Mac, but switched to Windows several years ago. Doubt I will continue with service like this."

"Those who have login problems are not setting the app up properly. It worked the first time I tried with no problem. In Quicken, not the app, go to edit, under edit go to preferences at the bottom. Under preferences go to the bottom which says Quicken cloud services. Click on Quicken cloud services. Once you are there follow the directions and you should have no problem. You have to do this BEFORE you can  log into the app.Once the app is open it seems to work okay for very basic simple stuff. It is not a substitute for the computer Quicken."

It keeps yelling me my id or password is wrong and it's not ... I signed in on my computer with the same info and it worked !!! Wth?!

"Just a warning to anyone considering this app, it's absolute garbage. I have been a customer of intuit for over 6 years and the app will not recognize my id, email or password. I have the desk top version and that seems to work ok but cannot link it to either my phone or IPad. I cannot express how frustrated I am with this app. Tried to give feed back but no wait, you have to log in. Which was my complaint. I would steer clear of this app."

Cannot even open. Continuously tells me I have entered wrong password. Have changed it and still won't open. I bought the whole program based on this useless app option of being able to take pictures of receipts to enter. Very disappointed.   I hope they fix this.

I can't log in with the same username and password I use online. Completely useless. Even tried resetting my password and it still won't let me log in.

I purchased Quicken 2014 to be able to use the photo of receipts function. Every time I try taking a photo of the receipt it crashes the app.  Any fixes yet?

"Can't log in? You have to set up Quicken Cloud in the desktop application first, THEN you can log in to the app version."

"I'd rate it if it only worked correctly.  Can not download my Bank of America accounts, and Quicken ""support"" said the problem had to be with the bank.  Has the same problem with Quicken2013 and thought maybe upgrading to the 2014 version would solve the problem.  Not so much.  $100+ for the upgrade for nothing."

"The 'overall' presentation isn't particularly helpful since it just lumps all accounts together.The biggest thing I see initially is that when entering an expenditure, the 'default' account is determined by the alphabetically lowest account name.  But there are probably very few people who's default account for all spending is something like 'American Express'.  Selecting the default account in settings should be an easy fix.Otherwise, so far it's an improvement over last year's Quicken app so I'll continue to try it."

"It's pretty terrible when you can't even depend on the login/identification aspect of the app to work consistently with each use of the app.  Even when I can login, I usually get an error message when I try to do something within the app.  This app needs lots of help to fix the bugs in my opinion, and I don't even have many accounts that I am trying to manage with it."

"The previous various (2013), to include the app was a disaster.  When 2014 came out, I thought they were embarrassed by the first release and worked night and day to make it right and redeem themselves.  2014 is a start, but half baked.  Agree with other comments, but app locks up when picture of receipt is taken.  Had to delete and reinstall app.  Again, then they charge an upgrade fee for the desktop.  Sync issues and says password wrong and go back to Account List.  It was the same password.  I could go on, but I won't . . ."

"I'm a long time quicken user and a fan of the 2013 app. I paid to upgrade to 2014 solely on the ability to add receipts.  Unfortunately, the camera function makes the app freeze and crash.  Please update!   But for this feature, I would have happily saved my money and stayed with quicken 2013."

"I own quicken 2014, spent a lot on their full suite with property manager and upgraded mainly because of this app and taking photos of receipts.  Can't log in.  Reset my password, and still can't login with new password. Worthless."

Terrible idea to launch an app that no one can login to.

"This is basically the 2013 version with a receipt link.  My biggest issue is not being able to see check numbers...I have to send in receipts all the time and I have to carry my old checkbook around with me so I can write the check number on the receipt before mailing them in. I had hoped with the first app that I could stop carrying my checkbook with me...but no luck.  Now with the new app, I thought it would have more info...like check numbers, but still no luck.  It's basically the same a the 2013 version, add the receipt photo.  You can take a photo from your library, so if you need to merge 2 photos you can, just not within this app.  I do like the super quick and now automatic cloud sync with the desktop version, so just opening the program syncs with the cloud when it downloads account data, it's super quick and shows up in the app in seconds which is great. I always know the two are showing the same thing....Just please add check numbers!!!"

"For all the people saying it won't recognize your username and password, it has to be activated it on your computer Quicken program first by going to the ""mobile and alerts"" tab. Works fine for me."

Can't log in. Like so many others here the app won't accept my user name & password. One star until it's fixed and I can use it!

I just paid $49 for a program upgrade but can't logon. Am unable to access mobile app at all now that I've upgraded from 2013 to the 2014 version. Am using correct login.

"I find that the 2014 app works just fine and does everything i want to do while I'm running around.  Yes, my loan accounts aren't on the app but I'm most interested in balances for my checking account and credit cards, and the app shows me that easily.  The new receipt image feature helps me keep track of what I bought at places like Target, and helps with tax deductions.  I'll use this to make returns too!"

I would not give it any stars.  Won't let me log in. I know my log in as I use it weekly.  Updated program for the mobile ability to scan in receipts from my phone and I can't log in.  Shame on you Intuit/Quicken!

"When your spouse is on the computer, you can make an entry. I don't remember seeing a place for check number.  The category processing is not good. I still need computer access to fix each entry."

"I'm not sure why others are having problems, but this new Quicken app along with Quicken 2014 has worked perfectly for me.  This will allow my wife and I to record our expenses on our trips and easily sync them to our laptop Quicken when we get home.  Well done."

"Don't wast your money on quicken yet, still has bugs in the mobile app. My balance in the app is different than my desktop. Also takes a long time to sync data."

"The only reason I upgraded to Quicken 2014 was to use the mobile photo receipt upload. After spending $60 for the upgrade, I was disappointed to find out the photo receipt option doesn't work for me. The mobile app locks up after the picture is taken. I have to exit and manually close the app to get back to the main screen... and the receipt picture isn't saved. I'll update the review after this bug is fixed."

Verified email and reset password. Email confirmations for both!  Invalid login window appears every time!!  Disappointed.

Cannot login. Please fix app.

Correct login doesn't work so USELESS!!!!

"* only supports banking accounts* no transfer transactions* can't edit the amount of a transactionBetter than nothing, but PocketQuicken has ALL this stuff working years ago before Intuit shut them down. Wish Intuit would get it together."

Using the right ID and password but could not login. Same ID and password woke fine when using computer

"It was not clear when I began but the cloud upload needs to be setup within the computer Quicken program before the remote log-in will work. Other than this, so far so good."

Worked well.  Synced my transactions. Attaching receipts to transactions is pretty handy.

"Upgraded from Quicken Premier 2013 to 2014 for $90 just so I could use this mobile app to access my Quicken info. As most reviewers wrote it does not allow sign-in, therefore it is totally useless.  Wasted $90 because 2014 is identical to 2013 otherwise."

"Doesn't recognize my login and password.  So, I reset my password in case I misremembered it, but still won't work.  In the Quicen 2014 desktop application and mint.com, all is well with my login..."

"If you can't log on, you need to open Quicken 2014 on your PC and go to ""Preferences"" under one of the menus. You'll see a big green button to set up your mobile ""alerts"" access... Click it and follow the instructions.For a company named ""Intuit"", their products aren't always very intuitive. Sigh.Of course, there is very little you can do with the app anyway. You can't view individual transactions and the receipt ""photo"" feature (a big reason I got 2014) hangs on my phone -- it won't let me take a photo and save it. Useless. Quicken 2014 itself has some bugs too (poor visual performance on Windows 8, for example), but hasn't that always been the case with Intuit products? I'm giving it 1 star because it looks nice and 1 more star because what little it does do seems to work... When receipt photos work, more functionality is added and it's polished up, I'll consider an additional star for each of those points."

"It does not recognize the exact same username and password I just used on my PC.  I have tried ""chat"" support with Quicken before and am NOT looking forward to using it again. Wonder if Quicken answers tweets  . . ."

App doesn't recognize Intuit user name or password.  A non-starter.

"Even though I've confirmed my user name and password, it will not even allow me to log in. I currently own Quicken 2014 so there is no reason for this. Their system is awful."

Won't recognize user name password. Trying to find help is too frustrating to want to figure it out.

"I don't know who thought it was a good idea to list accounts in order of account balance rather then alphabetically byname,  but it is nearly impossible to locate an account when you are managing numerous accounts. Also, the new feature of adding pictures to transactions not only doesn't work but it crashes the app. Also, would have expected the ability to add multiple pictures to a single transaction. Also, don't plan on taking pictures of long receipts because it doesn't have a stitching capability meaning if you want the full receipt well plan on not being able to see any of the details."

"It's like Mint.com only with your Quicken data. Some issues... Net income won't show negative months, spending always shows tax and interest as top items, which is unhelpful and you can't edit it, and it doesn't include investments, which Mint.com does."

"After syncing with desktop premier 2014: not only do categories not get recorded in the mobile app, but they are erased from the desktop. I needed to use a backup copy and to unlink any syncing with the mobile app to my categories back... hence this is not only a useless app but a destructive one as well!I've been using  Quicken since 1994 and will continue to do so, but this mobile app is not yet ready."

This app is full of bugs.  It keeps causing iTunes to stall anytime I try to sync with my iPhone 4S.

"Does not appear to work with MFA, which is most of my accounts. Totally useless."
